-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| QUESTION                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Is there any evidence to suggest geographic based virus mutations of COVID-19?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 0                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A: Most, if not all, the viral strains from the US and Canada contain many
mutations within the region upstream of the 5' untranslated region (5'UTRs) of
the virus genome ( Figure 5B) , this includes three amino acids (V, E, I)
substitutions at positions in the 5'UTR that are important in binding to the
host cellular receptor, ACE [18, 49, 50]. This is the first time we are aware
of 5'UTR alterations in viruses from the two countries, as they were not
previously sequenced. We have now sequenced a large volume of the complete
genome for all three of the identified isolates as previously reported [5, 5,
6]. This allowed an in-depth analysis to the 5'UTR variation present in the US
and Canada. In each country, both the 5'UTR and the ORF3 gene had many
polymorphic nucleotide positions, but the US and Canada had more significant
genetic differences (Figure 6 ). The 5'UTR had several variants that were
identical to a US 5'UTR sequence while a substantial number of nucleotide
variants were found across the genome (Figure 7). Analysis using the TUSC
method has shown that 5'UTR variations were present in the sequences from
Canada and the US of all three isolates ( Figure 3A ) although the degree of
overlap differed between the two countries (Figure 1 ). This was consistent
with the observation that the vast majority of 5'UTR variations in these two
countries were identical to each other in sequence. It may mean that ACE is the
main receptor for the presence of the gene from the US strains. It is also
possible that the US strain has a different affinity for ACE, or a different
mechanism for ACE binding. To determine these possibilities, we first tested
ACE binding activity in the cells. ACE binding assays were carried out in
ACE-treated cells ( Figure 2A ). The 5'UTR sequences from all three strains
reacted with ACE1 [51, 52] , but not ACE2, as indicated by the lack of
fluorescence when ACE was pretreated with ACE inhibitor ( Figure 7A,B and C).
The ACE binding activity was also seen in the presence of ACE1. When ACE
binding activity was measured in cells, the 5'UTR variation from the US strain
was significantly different from the Canadian and US strain, but not in the US
one. This suggests that ACE binding activity may not be the main mechanism. A:
Most, if not all, the viral strains from the US and Canada contain many
mutations within the region upstream of the 5' untranslated region (5'UTRs) of
the virus genome ( Figure 5B) , this includes three amino acids (V, E, I)
substitutions at positions in the 5'UTR that are important in binding to the
host cellular receptor, ACE [18, 49, 50] . This is the first time we are aware
of 5'UTR alterations in viruses from the two countries, as they were not
previously sequenced. We have now sequenced a large volume of the complete
genome for all three of the identified isolates as previously reported [5, 5,
6] . This allowed an in-depth analysis to the 5'UTR variation present in the US
and Canada. In each country, both the 5'UTR and the ORF3 gene had many
polymorphic nucleotide positions, but the US and Canada had more significant
genetic differences (Figure 6 ). The 5'UTR had several variants that were
identical to a US 5'UTR sequence while a substantial number of nucleotide
variants were found across the genome (Figure 7) . Analysis using the TUSC
method has shown that 5'UTR variations were present in the sequences from
Canada and the US of all three isolates ( Figure 3A ) although the degree of
overlap differed between the two countries (Figure 1 ). This was consistent
with the observation that the vast majority of 5'UTR variations in these two
countries were identical to each other in sequence. It may mean that ACE is the
main receptor for the presence of the gene from the US strains. It is also
possible that the US strain has a different affinity for ACE, or a different
mechanism for ACE binding. To determine these possibilities, we first tested
ACE binding activity in the cells. ACE binding assays were carried out in
ACE-treated cells ( Figure 2A ). The 5'UTR sequences from all three strains
reacted with ACE1 [51, 52] , but not ACE2, as indicated by the lack of
fluorescence when ACE was pretreated with ACE inhibitor ( Figure 7A,B and C).
The ACE binding activity was also seen in the presence of ACE1. When ACE
binding activity was measured in cells, the 5'UTR variation from the US strain
was significantly different from the Canadian and US strain, but not in the US
one. This suggests that ACE binding activity may not be the main mechanism

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 1                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In order to investigate the genetic evolution of the strain, ISTAT analysis was
used for all the eight genotypes within each country. This analysis was
performed by using the "Gen-ESI-EST" software available at http://is. gsb-lum.
ac. uk/~vadarbo/st_stp/isst/mascot/isst_mascot_isst. ps3. The analysis has some
limitations. Firstly, the data are limited on some variables such as age and
region, so the analyses are not fully appropriate for large data sets.
Secondly, the analyses only take place in the region in which the outbreak was
reported and from which the whole genomes of the selected countries (including
France, Switzerland and Germany) were retrieved. Finally, only a limited number
of patients (mostly in outpatients, those whose records were available several
years after their discharge from the ICU) were included in each age group.
Nevertheless, considering all selected populations, it can be seen that in
France, Switzerland, Germany, Netherlands, the UK and the United States of
America, a genetic signature is apparent with at least two genotypes in each
single year. However, other countries showed no obvious pattern. For countries
with only a single genome, there were no genotypes. In the case of Denmark, the
single COV-2 genotype showed the three previously isolated genotypes from this
country. Only the single genotyped genotype from the UK showed a single
genotype in all years. In France, in 2014, the genetic signatures are again
clearly visible with two genotypes in different years. The data show that, in
each country, a high diversity of genetic signatures can be found worldwide
with a maximum of three genotypes in different years. However, only in France,
Switzerland, the UK, the Netherlands, and the USA (with two genotypes in the
same year) is the pattern consistent. For countries with no genotype, the data
indicate a low diversity and the patterns are the same as those predicted for
the full dataset. The high genetic diversity of the USA and the Netherlands
were again explained by the presence of a single genotype. In comparison to the
other countries, in France, Switzerland, the UK, and the Netherlands, a single
genotype is found in some years. In Germany, the USA, and the UK, three
genotypes are found in the same year. Overall it can be seen that countries
with two or more genotypes in the same year. In order to investigate the
genetic evolution of the strain, ISTAT analysis was used for all the eight
genotypes within each country. This analysis was performed by using the
"Gen-ESI-EST" software available at
http://is.gsb-lum.ac.uk/~vadarbo/st_stp/isst/mascot/isst_mascot_isst.ps3. The
analysis has some limitations. Firstly, the data are limited on some variables
such as age and region, so the analyses are not fully appropriate for large
data sets. Secondly, the analyses only take place in the region in which the
outbreak was reported and from which the whole genomes of the selected
countries (including France, Switzerland and Germany) were retrieved. Finally,
only a limited number of patients (mostly in outpatients, those whose records
were available several years after their discharge from the ICU) were included
in each age group. Nevertheless, considering all selected populations, it can
be seen that in France, Switzerland, Germany, Netherlands, the UK and the
United States of America, a genetic signature is apparent with at least two
genotypes in each single year. However, other countries showed no obvious
pattern. For countries with only a single genome, there were no genotypes. In
the case of Denmark, the single COV-2 genotype showed the three previously
isolated genotypes from this country. Only the single genotyped genotype from
the UK showed a single genotype in all years. In France, in 2014, the genetic
signatures are again clearly visible with two genotypes in different years. The
data show that, in each country, a high diversity of genetic signatures can be
found worldwide with a maximum of three genotypes in different years. However,
only in France, Switzerland, the UK, the Netherlands, and the USA (with two
genotypes in the same year) is the pattern consistent. For countries with no
genotype, the data indicate a low diversity and the patterns are the same as
those predicted for the full dataset. The high genetic diversity of the USA and
the Netherlands were again explained by the presence of a single genotype. In
comparison to the other countries, in France, Switzerland, the UK, and the
Netherlands, a single genotype is found in some years. In Germany, the USA, and
the UK, three genotypes are found in the same year. Overall it can be seen that
countries with two or more genotypes in the same year

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 2                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The second question posed by the authors is related with the "where and when"
the introduction of the virus has taken place? This question is based on the
information that WHO has released and to the current observations of virus
variants circulating in animals from different geographic regions, indicating
circulation of the virus in different geographic regions. However, there is no
evidence that COVID-19 has been introduced to Australia and New Zealand (Figure
2). Given the lack of information surrounding the introduction of the virus to
animals in other geographies, it is unclear as to when and how the virus has
spread in these countries. A comparison of viral genomes between Australia and
New Zealand reveals a close genetic similarity between strains 1 to 5 ( Figure
5 ), demonstrating that the viruses are essentially identical and only the
geographical and temporal variation in isolates 1 and 5 is highly significant.
Similarly, the genome sequences of strain 2 is relatively homologous to strains
1 to 6, which may imply that a single ancestor of strains 1 and 2 likely
existed at some point in time and was then transmitted across the ocean in a
large oceanic conveyance to New Zealand, Asia and subsequently through to North
America. Another problem with the proposed route of introduction is the absence
of any information on the geographical extent of spread of strains which are
related to Australian strains 1 to 4. This is most evident in the complete
genome sequences of Australian strains 1 to 4. As well as these strains, the
complete genomes of other Australian strains are not available (Figure 4). Thus
it is not known if the virus has been introduced through an established
transmission route in the New World before it spread to the Pacific Ocean and
subsequently to Southeast Asia and the rest of the globe (Figure 6). It is also
unclear whether strains 1 and 2 that are more closely related to the original
Australian strains than strains 3 to 5 ( Figure 6 ) is a result of the same
viral gene sequence from multiple locations. There is also a major gap in the
sequence of Australian strains 3 and 4 which are more similar to the original
New World strains than that of the strains 1 and 4 (Figure 7 ). This gap should
allow for better identification of the origin and/or spread of some of the
original Australian strains as well as some Australian strains which have
undergone a mutation of the genespecific from New World strains such as these
Australian strains. The third question is posed related to the observation that
the majority of the genome of individual strains is identical. This finding is
particularly problematic where the genetic variation is between Australian
strains 1 and 2 and strains 2. The second question posed by the authors is
related with the "where and when" the introduction of the virus has taken
place? This question is based on the information that WHO has released and to
the current observations of virus variants circulating in animals from
different geographic regions, indicating circulation of the virus in different
geographic regions. However, there is no evidence that COVID-19 has been
introduced to Australia and New Zealand (Figure 2) . Given the lack of
information surrounding the introduction of the virus to animals in other
geographies, it is unclear as to when and how the virus has spread in these
countries. A comparison of viral genomes between Australia and New Zealand
reveals a close genetic similarity between strains 1 to 5 ( Figure 5 ),
demonstrating that the viruses are essentially identical and only the
geographical and temporal variation in isolates 1 and 5 is highly significant.
Similarly, the genome sequences of strain 2 is relatively homologous to strains
1 to 6, which may imply that a single ancestor of strains 1 and 2 likely
existed at some point in time and was then transmitted across the ocean in a
large oceanic conveyance to New Zealand, Asia and subsequently through to North
America. Another problem with the proposed route of introduction is the absence
of any information on the geographical extent of spread of strains which are
related to Australian strains 1 to 4. This is most evident in the complete
genome sequences of Australian strains 1 to 4. As well as these strains, the
complete genomes of other Australian strains are not available (Figure 4) .
Thus it is not known if the virus has been introduced through an established
transmission route in the New World before it spread to the Pacific Ocean and
subsequently to Southeast Asia and the rest of the globe (Figure 6) . It is
also unclear whether strains 1 and 2 that are more closely related to the
original Australian strains than strains 3 to 5 ( Figure 6 ) is a result of the
same viral gene sequence from multiple locations. There is also a major gap in
the sequence of Australian strains 3 and 4 which are more similar to the
original New World strains than that of the strains 1 and 4 (Figure 7 ). This
gap should allow for better identification of the origin and/or spread of some
of the original Australian strains as well as some Australian strains which
have undergone a mutation of the genespecific from New World strains such as
these Australian strains. The third question is posed related to the
observation that the majority of the genome of individual strains is identical.
This finding is particularly problematic where the genetic variation is between
Australian strains 1 and 2 and strains 2

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 4                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Yes, there are several possible variants of COVID-19 in the U. S. and in Europe
[6]. These regions have been reported in previous works (e. g. published in
[13, 15, 18] ) and may be implicated in the generation of the U. S. variant
circulating in the United States. However, there is also some evidence that
these regions have an impact on the generation of the European variant [19]. In
a report of a case from the Netherlands, two lineages of COV-19, the U. S. and
the European variants, were found both at high frequency and independently from
one another [14]. This suggests that multiple lineages of U. S. variant may
have contributed to the development of the European variant circulating in the
Netherlands. A comparison of the phylogenetic properties of the U. S. and the
European variant is to detect the impact of multiple evolutionary routes
including those from bats [23]. This is not the only approach used by Wang to
analyze U. S. and European sequences, but we are not aware of any other
analysis based on the analysis of such an extensive dataset of sequences. The
abovementioned analyses may only provide partial, biased, or uncertain analysis
of viral evolution in the U. S. and do not represent the full analysis on
COV-19 evolution that may be conducted. In contrast to other viruses, the
evolutionary process of the COV-19 genome does not appear to be highly
selective and the observed variation does not appear to act as a barrier to the
generation of new variants by a large number of viral strains. The variation is
instead believed to play an important role in the control of the virus by
screening viral stocks and possibly selecting for a virus exhibiting the best
virus neutralization efficiency [7]. Viruses are generally considered to be
controlled by several selective factors, as well as by factors that facilitate
their passage, spread, and maintenance within the specific host [1, 2]. In
order to predict the potential consequences of evolutionary drift and natural
mutations for virus fitness, it is often necessary to identify and quantify the
evolutionary forces acting on the virulence of strains [18, 24, 25]. Recent
studies have shown that some viruses, such as Ebola virus, have been inbred by
multiple selective forces, such as the presence or absence of a cellular gene
that is targeted by selective pressure in viruses that evolve in certain hosts.
In line with this hypothesis, the observation that the human immunodeficiency
virus 1 (. Yes, there are several possible variants of COVID-19 in the U.S. and
in Europe [6] . These regions have been reported in previous works (e.g.
published in [13, 15, 18] ) and may be implicated in the generation of the U.S.
variant circulating in the United States. However, there is also some evidence
that these regions have an impact on the generation of the European variant
[19] . In a report of a case from the Netherlands, two lineages of COV-19, the
U.S. and the European variants, were found both at high frequency and
independently from one another [14] . This suggests that multiple lineages of
U.S. variant may have contributed to the development of the European variant
circulating in the Netherlands. A comparison of the phylogenetic properties of
the U.S. and the European variant is to detect the impact of multiple
evolutionary routes including those from bats [23] . This is not the only
approach used by Wang to analyze U.S. and European sequences, but we are not
aware of any other analysis based on the analysis of such an extensive dataset
of sequences. The abovementioned analyses may only provide partial, biased, or
uncertain analysis of viral evolution in the U.S. and do not represent the full
analysis on COV-19 evolution that may be conducted. In contrast to other
viruses, the evolutionary process of the COV-19 genome does not appear to be
highly selective and the observed variation does not appear to act as a barrier
to the generation of new variants by a large number of viral strains. The
variation is instead believed to play an important role in the control of the
virus by screening viral stocks and possibly selecting for a virus exhibiting
the best virus neutralization efficiency [7] . Viruses are generally considered
to be controlled by several selective factors, as well as by factors that
facilitate their passage, spread, and maintenance within the specific host [1,
2] . In order to predict the potential consequences of evolutionary drift and
natural mutations for virus fitness, it is often necessary to identify and
quantify the evolutionary forces acting on the virulence of strains [18, 24,
25] . Recent studies have shown that some viruses, such as Ebola virus, have
been inbred by multiple selective forces, such as the presence or absence of a
cellular gene that is targeted by selective pressure in viruses that evolve in
certain hosts. In line with this hypothesis, the observation that the human
immunodeficiency virus 1 (

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 4                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This seems particularly plausible for isolates from Guinea, as a similar trend
was previously detected elsewhere [5, [16] [17] [18] , suggesting that this
region might be of particular genetic interest. This region therefore warrants
future investigation from the genetic perspective. These strains have also
shown low sequence identities with known strains. This may probably be related
to the low titers of the RNA, which are less likely to be detected by real-time
RT-PCR. In addition, all sequences were extracted from the NGS, which might be
a limitation in their analyses. However, as the RNA extraction step has not
been performed for previous studies, we decided to consider the sequences for
this report. In the end, sequencing was performed and the sequence alignment,
which might help to identify additional candidate region, was analyzed. We were
able to identify several potential regions at the 3'-terminal extremities of
the genome that are not compatible with other strains. These regions include
sequences from which all seven strains have no nucleotide sequence identity.
Sequence analysis revealed that all seven novel strains share one common
sequence at the 3'-end of the genome as the first open reading frame [20]. This
similarity may help to reveal a conserved gene region of up 39% of the
sequence. Furthermore, while the number of substitutions that may have occurred
at the 3'-genome junction varies among strain types ( Figure 2A ), it is
usually not over 10% and is not always found near the ORF1a junction ( Figure
2B ). The relative abundances of these putative proteins during an infection
might also have a bearing on the virus type. The identification of the
conserved read frames during a virus genome survey can lead to the
identification of genetic variations at non-redundancy sites, such as the
nucleotide sites and the untranslated region. As this region has yet to be
described, we assessed its conservation between different strains. The read
frames at the 5'end of the genome that contain a conserved nucleotide in all
strains are the most conserved of all ( Figure 2C and Figure 2D ). There was no
amino acid change at this position of the genome across the different strains.
An alternative nucleotide at the 3'-end of the genome is also consistent with
another study that was recently performed [21]. In addition, the consensus
sequence at the 5'end was identical in all strains except for the strains from
Guangdong Province. Finally, sequences with the best overall conservation at
the 3. This seems particularly plausible for isolates from Guinea, as a similar
trend was previously detected elsewhere [5, [16] [17] [18] , suggesting that
this region might be of particular genetic interest. This region therefore
warrants future investigation from the genetic perspective. These strains have
also shown low sequence identities with known strains. This may probably be
related to the low titers of the RNA, which are less likely to be detected by
real-time RT-PCR. In addition, all sequences were extracted from the NGS, which
might be a limitation in their analyses. However, as the RNA extraction step
has not been performed for previous studies, we decided to consider the
sequences for this report. In the end, sequencing was performed and the
sequence alignment, which might help to identify additional candidate region,
was analyzed. We were able to identify several potential regions at the
3'-terminal extremities of the genome that are not compatible with other
strains. These regions include sequences from which all seven strains have no
nucleotide sequence identity. Sequence analysis revealed that all seven novel
strains share one common sequence at the 3'-end of the genome as the first open
reading frame [20] . This similarity may help to reveal a conserved gene region
of up 39% of the sequence. Furthermore, while the number of substitutions that
may have occurred at the 3'-genome junction varies among strain types ( Figure
2A ), it is usually not over 10% and is not always found near the ORF1a
junction ( Figure 2B ). The relative abundances of these putative proteins
during an infection might also have a bearing on the virus type. The
identification of the conserved read frames during a virus genome survey can
lead to the identification of genetic variations at non-redundancy sites, such
as the nucleotide sites and the untranslated region. As this region has yet to
be described, we assessed its conservation between different strains. The read
frames at the 5'end of the genome that contain a conserved nucleotide in all
strains are the most conserved of all ( Figure 2C and Figure 2D ). There was no
amino acid change at this position of the genome across the different strains.
An alternative nucleotide at the 3'-end of the genome is also consistent with
another study that was recently performed [21] . In addition, the consensus
sequence at the 5'end was identical in all strains except for the strains from
Guangdong Province. Finally, sequences with the best overall conservation at
the 3
