-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| QUESTION                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What has been published about information sharing and inter-sectoral
collaboration of COVID-19?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 0                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As of 25 December, the WHO has confirmed the first epidemic of the year-long
epidemic (http://who.
int/health_surveillance/2017-novemebrates_infected_by_coronavirus_2017_en_2017_en),
highlighting the central role played by private sector actors in global health
security. The WHO is currently working to coordinate the spread of the epidemic
to the remaining countries in the global network, to facilitate safe travel and
trade, and to protect citizens' rights and fundamental interests. The WHO has a
mission as a global emergency health organisation, including in global health
security, and has stated the task to be "promoting public health capacity and
innovation, and developing capacity to respond effectively to threats to human,
animal, and environmental life". The WHO has expressed its determination to
"prepare for and to respond to emergencies and outbreaks with the highest-level
of public health impact". The United States of America was the first country to
declare a state of emergency on 23 December to declare all public health
incidents of national alert. The action was taken by the President of the
United States of America and the acting Secretary of Health and Human Services,
and was immediately followed by the United Kingdom. After the World Health
Organization declared a state of emergency on 1 December, global health
security was declared as a priority on 18 December by the World Health
Organization, and was declared a threat to global health security on 25
December by the World Health Organization. The World Health Organization of the
United Nations declared the need for global health security on 26 December, and
this declaration included a specific declaration of global health security
(http://who. int/globalhealthsecurity/global_health_security_2015_06_18. pdf).
In recent years public health and environmental security has become more
central to global health security. The United States of America, United
Kingdom, and the United Nations have all called for strengthening global public
health and environmental security to combat public health threats and
outbreaks, while the International Monetary Fund has called for developing
global health security (http://www. finance.
gov/issues/2016-nint-global-health-security. html). Both the World Bank and
World Trade Organization have called for the global health security framework
to act as a hub for global security in the event of an international crisis
(http://www. finance. gov/issues/2016-pandemic-pandemic-pandemic-protection.
htm). The WHO Global Health Security Agenda aims to identify. As of 25
December, the WHO has confirmed the first epidemic of the year-long epidemic
(http://who.int/health_surveillance/2017-novemebrates_infected_by_coronavirus_2017_en_2017_en),
highlighting the central role played by private sector actors in global health
security. The WHO is currently working to coordinate the spread of the epidemic
to the remaining countries in the global network, to facilitate safe travel and
trade, and to protect citizens' rights and fundamental interests. The WHO has a
mission as a global emergency health organisation, including in global health
security, and has stated the task to be "promoting public health capacity and
innovation, and developing capacity to respond effectively to threats to human,
animal, and environmental life". The WHO has expressed its determination to
"prepare for and to respond to emergencies and outbreaks with the highest-level
of public health impact". The United States of America was the first country to
declare a state of emergency on 23 December to declare all public health
incidents of national alert. The action was taken by the President of the
United States of America and the acting Secretary of Health and Human Services,
and was immediately followed by the United Kingdom. After the World Health
Organization declared a state of emergency on 1 December, global health
security was declared as a priority on 18 December by the World Health
Organization, and was declared a threat to global health security on 25
December by the World Health Organization. The World Health Organization of the
United Nations declared the need for global health security on 26 December, and
this declaration included a specific declaration of global health security
(http://who.int/globalhealthsecurity/global_health_security_2015_06_18.pdf). In
recent years public health and environmental security has become more central
to global health security. The United States of America, United Kingdom, and
the United Nations have all called for strengthening global public health and
environmental security to combat public health threats and outbreaks, while the
International Monetary Fund has called for developing global health security
(http://www.finance.gov/issues/2016-nint-global-health-security.html). Both the
World Bank and World Trade Organization have called for the global health
security framework to act as a hub for global security in the event of an
international crisis
(http://www.finance.gov/issues/2016-pandemic-pandemic-pandemic-protection.htm).
The WHO Global Health Security Agenda aims to identify

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 1                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

COVID-19 has caused massive outbreaks in humans [1, 14, 15]. This outbreak in
2019 was preceded by numerous cases in bats [2, 11, 14]. We believe the data
that was generated and sharing that was collected during the COVID-19 outbreak
in 2019 will be valuable for disease prediction for other emerging infectious
diseases in the future. The data is summarized in Tables 1, 3, 5 and 6. During
the outbreak, it was possible to conduct a case study to understand the nature
of intersectoral collaboration and to gain an understanding of the
epidemiological nature of the COVID-19 situation. During this outbreak, a case
study is more suitable than standard epidemiological methods and
epidemiological investigation, both of which could be biased by the lack of
information. In this case study, the information could be gathered from
individuals directly in the natural process, which is more similar to real
life. The data also included the daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly occurrence
of events reported to CDC from the beginning of February 2019 to the end of
December 2019 from the time of COVID-19 to the end of December 2019. As data
was shared in different channels, it could make it possible to identify trends
in the flow of information, since it would show the relative levels of sharing
during the period. In February 2019, a series of publications on the issue were
published ( Table 3). Many articles discussed the importance of collaboration
among different stakeholders in the response to the outbreak and suggested the
collaboration mechanism among non-governmental organizations; they also
discussed the value of collaboration among the healthcare professionals
(hospital doctors, pharmacists, nurses) and the general public, and how
collaboration among different stakeholders could contribute towards an outbreak
preparedness plan. Many scientists, academic experts, and public
representatives shared their experience from an academic, social sciences, or
public policy perspective in response to the epidemic. All these stakeholders
contributed to the information sharing and informed discussion about the
COVID-19 outbreak and shared their experience, experiences, and learning during
the outbreak. They also provided practical advice and practical information on
how their experience and experience helped them to prepare. The following
sections will discuss the major aspects of collaboration and inter-sectoral
coordination, and the factors affecting collaboration. Common to inter-sectoral
coordination are the procedures involved in sharing of information on the
epidemic and in decision making on the response to the epidemic. An important
way to coordinate activities is by applying institutional processes, such as
committees and regulations, to manage these activities. These procedures.
COVID-19 has caused massive outbreaks in humans [1, 14, 15] . This outbreak in
2019 was preceded by numerous cases in bats [2, 11, 14] . We believe the data
that was generated and sharing that was collected during the COVID-19 outbreak
in 2019 will be valuable for disease prediction for other emerging infectious
diseases in the future. The data is summarized in Tables 1, 3, 5 and 6. During
the outbreak, it was possible to conduct a case study to understand the nature
of intersectoral collaboration and to gain an understanding of the
epidemiological nature of the COVID-19 situation. During this outbreak, a case
study is more suitable than standard epidemiological methods and
epidemiological investigation, both of which could be biased by the lack of
information. In this case study, the information could be gathered from
individuals directly in the natural process, which is more similar to real
life. The data also included the daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly occurrence
of events reported to CDC from the beginning of February 2019 to the end of
December 2019 from the time of COVID-19 to the end of December 2019. As data
was shared in different channels, it could make it possible to identify trends
in the flow of information, since it would show the relative levels of sharing
during the period. In February 2019, a series of publications on the issue were
published ( Table 3) . Many articles discussed the importance of collaboration
among different stakeholders in the response to the outbreak and suggested the
collaboration mechanism among non-governmental organizations; they also
discussed the value of collaboration among the healthcare professionals
(hospital doctors, pharmacists, nurses) and the general public, and how
collaboration among different stakeholders could contribute towards an outbreak
preparedness plan. Many scientists, academic experts, and public
representatives shared their experience from an academic, social sciences, or
public policy perspective in response to the epidemic. All these stakeholders
contributed to the information sharing and informed discussion about the
COVID-19 outbreak and shared their experience, experiences, and learning during
the outbreak. They also provided practical advice and practical information on
how their experience and experience helped them to prepare. The following
sections will discuss the major aspects of collaboration and inter-sectoral
coordination, and the factors affecting collaboration. Common to inter-sectoral
coordination are the procedures involved in sharing of information on the
epidemic and in decision making on the response to the epidemic. An important
way to coordinate activities is by applying institutional processes, such as
committees and regulations, to manage these activities. These procedures

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 2                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Not much has changed, as we will learn in this review. An essential task for
the global health community is to build on existing initiatives to strengthen
public health systems both at national and community levels. This is not to be
expected in the short term. It will require much more sustained investment and
work by a broad range of stakeholders, as well as the implementation of global
health governance structures. As a start, many are considering a new approach
for global coordination of disease surveillance and response. The potential to
leverage existing and/or emerging private sector entities has been one of the
main strategies. The creation of networks such as WHO ISRO [2] , the
International Society for Infectious Diseases (ISID), the International Society
for Disaster Medicine (ISMDM), and the Global Health Observatory (GHO) [3] have
all resulted in rapid global coordination for disease surveillance [4, 5, 6].
Such a global coordination structure can play an important role in disease
epidemiology and management. In this context, the Global Health Observatory
(GHO) was established via the WHO Collaborating Center for Health Security on
April 8, 2018. The Observatory is an initiative of the European Commission [7]
and the International Development Research Center (IDRC) [8] to accelerate
joint international action to prevent and control emerging diseases. The
Observatory is led by the Director General of WHO WHO Director General Dr.
António Sanjose, and supports research and training on human, human-animal, and
animal virology, which are aimed at enhancing global health security. The first
meeting of the GHO was held in Marbella, Southern Spain, from which it was
established in Geneva on June 15, 2016, for the sharing of data and expertise.
The Observatory is a 501(c)3, non-profit organization established in 2003.
Since its establishment, GHO has implemented initiatives such as the European
Commission-WHO Framework for Action to Promote Health Security (PHAS), the
Global Health Observatory's Network for Translational Science initiative to
build capacity to deliver global health security, and the WHO Global Health
Security Agenda which aims to improve global health security by aligning
efforts at national and international levels. However, we note that many are
questioning whether such initiatives are enough to achieve global health
security. This is because they are often perceived as the creation of
proprietary or national networks in response to individual conditions [9].
Indeed, the WHO Global Health Security Agenda, whose goal was to build capacity
to build global health security (i. e. , to. Not much has changed, as we will
learn in this review. An essential task for the global health community is to
build on existing initiatives to strengthen public health systems both at
national and community levels. This is not to be expected in the short term. It
will require much more sustained investment and work by a broad range of
stakeholders, as well as the implementation of global health governance
structures. As a start, many are considering a new approach for global
coordination of disease surveillance and response. The potential to leverage
existing and/or emerging private sector entities has been one of the main
strategies. The creation of networks such as WHO ISRO [2] , the International
Society for Infectious Diseases (ISID), the International Society for Disaster
Medicine (ISMDM), and the Global Health Observatory (GHO) [3] have all resulted
in rapid global coordination for disease surveillance [4, 5, 6] . Such a global
coordination structure can play an important role in disease epidemiology and
management. In this context, the Global Health Observatory (GHO) was
established via the WHO Collaborating Center for Health Security on April 8,
2018. The Observatory is an initiative of the European Commission [7] and the
International Development Research Center (IDRC) [8] to accelerate joint
international action to prevent and control emerging diseases. The Observatory
is led by the Director General of WHO WHO Director General Dr. António Sanjose,
and supports research and training on human, human-animal, and animal virology,
which are aimed at enhancing global health security. The first meeting of the
GHO was held in Marbella, Southern Spain, from which it was established in
Geneva on June 15, 2016, for the sharing of data and expertise. The Observatory
is a 501(c)3, non-profit organization established in 2003. Since its
establishment, GHO has implemented initiatives such as the European
Commission-WHO Framework for Action to Promote Health Security (PHAS), the
Global Health Observatory's Network for Translational Science initiative to
build capacity to deliver global health security, and the WHO Global Health
Security Agenda which aims to improve global health security by aligning
efforts at national and international levels. However, we note that many are
questioning whether such initiatives are enough to achieve global health
security. This is because they are often perceived as the creation of
proprietary or national networks in response to individual conditions [9] .
Indeed, the WHO Global Health Security Agenda, whose goal was to build capacity
to build global health security (i.e., to

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 3                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1, 2 , a global threat that has attracted global attention; in particular, the
collaboration between the U. S. government and research institutions in the U.
S. are being examined for potential gaps or inconsistencies where sharing of
data occurs. The U. S. government is considering changes to its policies to
encourage the sharing of information by policy makers and public health
officials so as to better inform public health policy. At a time when
government surveillance and policy processes are being reformulated as much
more open and transparent than those of previous administrations, there is a
need for more effective public health information systems, at both national and
global dimensions. The U. S. government, along with the global community, are
working towards developing a better method of sharing data at the global level
by developing information sharing systems as a means to improve intersectoral
collaboration. While in the U. S. , public health sharing of data and
information is governed by individual privacy considerations (e. g. the First
Amendmere Prosecutions Clause), in many other areas, data sharing is regulated
and regulated by laws, regulations, and policies that require permission for
data to be shared. For example, under the U. S. government's privacy policy
(which was published in 2015 and recently updated in 2016) one or more people
or entities may be subject to surveillance based on the basis of some form of
metadata. To address these situations, the government creates a legal framework
that sets out how sharing of personal information may occur. In this paper and
many others, we define metadata as data that is collected or stored without the
individual's permission (collection without owner permission). Although the U.
S. government has clarified its policy on what is and is not part of an
investigation, many state and local governments have not yet set out their
policies on what is and is not collected without the owner's permission. Most
state and local governments use some type of legislation, regulation, or policy
to protect their citizens from being tracked in some manner. Several states and
local counties have adopted rules or laws that restrict tracking of the
Internet or Internet-enabled devices (e. g. smart phones and tablets,
computers, or other devices) for public health reasons. Some may require proof
of residency, signed forms, or some sort of consent for records to be turned
over to the government. Other jurisdictions allow for monitoring by municipal
police forces. If the local government has an internet connection at hand, the
city may use it to access data without a warrant or other process to make a
connection to an Internet provider. 1, 2 , a global threat that has attracted
global attention; in particular, the collaboration between the U.S. government
and research institutions in the U.S. are being examined for potential gaps or
inconsistencies where sharing of data occurs. The U.S. government is
considering changes to its policies to encourage the sharing of information by
policy makers and public health officials so as to better inform public health
policy. At a time when government surveillance and policy processes are being
reformulated as much more open and transparent than those of previous
administrations, there is a need for more effective public health information
systems, at both national and global dimensions. The U.S. government, along
with the global community, are working towards developing a better method of
sharing data at the global level by developing information sharing systems as a
means to improve intersectoral collaboration. While in the U.S., public health
sharing of data and information is governed by individual privacy
considerations (e.g. the First Amendmere Prosecutions Clause), in many other
areas, data sharing is regulated and regulated by laws, regulations, and
policies that require permission for data to be shared. For example, under the
U.S. government's privacy policy (which was published in 2015 and recently
updated in 2016) one or more people or entities may be subject to surveillance
based on the basis of some form of metadata. To address these situations, the
government creates a legal framework that sets out how sharing of personal
information may occur. In this paper and many others, we define metadata as
data that is collected or stored without the individual's permission
(collection without owner permission). Although the U.S. government has
clarified its policy on what is and is not part of an investigation, many state
and local governments have not yet set out their policies on what is and is not
collected without the owner's permission. Most state and local governments use
some type of legislation, regulation, or policy to protect their citizens from
being tracked in some manner. Several states and local counties have adopted
rules or laws that restrict tracking of the Internet or Internet-enabled
devices (e.g. smart phones and tablets, computers, or other devices) for public
health reasons. Some may require proof of residency, signed forms, or some sort
of consent for records to be turned over to the government. Other jurisdictions
allow for monitoring by municipal police forces. If the local government has an
internet connection at hand, the city may use it to access data without a
warrant or other process to make a connection to an Internet provider

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 4                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What are the major gaps? The global response to 2019-nCoV infection has been
based on a number of international consensus mechanisms for sharing information
and expertise, including bilateral, regional and multilateral organizations,
and bilateral working arrangements with other countries or non-governmental
organizations (e. g. WHO). All such information sharing mechanism has the same
structure: a central, consensus based mechanism for coordinating the sharing
(e. g. via a dedicated committee) and for sharing this information (e. g. , to
WHO, to WHO Health Alliance or to the World Bank), all with a common set of
stakeholders such as international partners and local governments
(Borghmann-Leiderold et al. , 2017). Such a system usually relies on the
inter-sectorial working of many people and a shared understanding of the global
threat and the global importance; therefore, a strong core network of support,
coordination, and cooperation is required in order to effectively deal with the
global threat. A critical factor determining the level of cooperation among
actors is the availability of information and tools to deal with the global
situation. Generally, the most effective way to effectively share information
and expertise is through sharing and collaborating networks on shared research
and information (e. g. networks of researchers or organizations) that may
consist of researchers, laboratories, universities or other academic services
and expertise that are located in different countries (e. g. the scientific
exchange networks that share expertise in infectious diseases) or research
networks that share research and information in exchange with national and
international partners. Inter-sectoral collaboration on information and advice
for preparedness or control requires networks with a broader dynamic and
diverse membership, with regular and regular exchanges of information among
actors (e. g. the World Health Organization (WHO) and the WHO Collaboration
with other governments), a professional and professional network for
researchers and expertise, and professional networks and international
professional organizations for the sharing and sharing of expertise with
international partners (e. g. WHO Global Influenza Center and WHO Vaccine
Alliance, WHO Collaboration with non-governmental organizations, and the WHO
Global Action Network for Immunization and Tropical Medicine). All these
components would be considered essential to a successful global response if
they were well implemented and communicated effectively to all the actors in
the global strategy. Hence, cooperation networks that strengthen inter-sectoral
cooperation represent key elements in the global strategy for global
preparedness against SARS and Ebola. The global strategy is therefore being
developed on the basis of key elements of inter-sectoral cooperation,
particularly for sharing and collaboration of human,. What are the major gaps?
The global response to 2019-nCoV infection has been based on a number of
international consensus mechanisms for sharing information and expertise,
including bilateral, regional and multilateral organizations, and bilateral
working arrangements with other countries or non-governmental organizations
(e.g. WHO). All such information sharing mechanism has the same structure: a
central, consensus based mechanism for coordinating the sharing (e.g. via a
dedicated committee) and for sharing this information (e.g., to WHO, to WHO
Health Alliance or to the World Bank), all with a common set of stakeholders
such as international partners and local governments (Borghmann-Leiderold et
al., 2017) . Such a system usually relies on the inter-sectorial working of
many people and a shared understanding of the global threat and the global
importance; therefore, a strong core network of support, coordination, and
cooperation is required in order to effectively deal with the global threat. A
critical factor determining the level of cooperation among actors is the
availability of information and tools to deal with the global situation.
Generally, the most effective way to effectively share information and
expertise is through sharing and collaborating networks on shared research and
information (e.g. networks of researchers or organizations) that may consist of
researchers, laboratories, universities or other academic services and
expertise that are located in different countries (e.g. the scientific exchange
networks that share expertise in infectious diseases) or research networks that
share research and information in exchange with national and international
partners. Inter-sectoral collaboration on information and advice for
preparedness or control requires networks with a broader dynamic and diverse
membership, with regular and regular exchanges of information among actors
(e.g. the World Health Organization (WHO) and the WHO Collaboration with other
governments), a professional and professional network for researchers and
expertise, and professional networks and international professional
organizations for the sharing and sharing of expertise with international
partners (e.g. WHO Global Influenza Center and WHO Vaccine Alliance, WHO
Collaboration with non-governmental organizations, and the WHO Global Action
Network for Immunization and Tropical Medicine). All these components would be
considered essential to a successful global response if they were well
implemented and communicated effectively to all the actors in the global
strategy. Hence, cooperation networks that strengthen inter-sectoral
cooperation represent key elements in the global strategy for global
preparedness against SARS and Ebola. The global strategy is therefore being
developed on the basis of key elements of inter-sectoral cooperation,
particularly for sharing and collaboration of human,
