-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| QUESTION                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What do we know about diagnostics and surveillance of COVID-19?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 0                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We know that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) are
coordinating with international partners [12, 13, 14, 15] , and the World
Health Organization (WHO) has been coordinating with the WHO for global
preparedness [16]. The WHO preparedness manual for managing of a global disease
spread was published [17]. Through WHO, various countries have been using
international protocols to protect their health [18] [19] [20] [21] [22] , and
this has resulted in large-scale collaborations and enhanced global health
resources. This collaboration and global preparedness has resulted in the
sharing and sharing of data generated by countries, and the development of
tools that allow countries to plan for and conduct research, which enhances
global health capacity. Data from the National Health Surveillance systems are
limited, and are usually collected at an institution-wide level. The data are
collected through a few different mechanisms and are often summarized through
web reporting forms on a weekly basis. As a result, the data can often be
incomplete, and can be inaccurate and incomplete. These problems and errors may
lead to misdiagnoses, and in this paper we will address these issues, and
report our own exploratory data visualization and visualization techniques.
Data, data visualization and visualization pipelines, and visualization methods
are a central area that we will explore. Most data sources that have been
reported to the WHO include electronic, paper-based, and paper-based systems
[17, 23]. There are many similarities in the methods that the data are
collected, and in fact many of the techniques used in both systems are similar.
This similarity allows for the sharing of data, and the visualization of
visualization techniques and models. In addition, this paper will identify
common web metrics and visualization approaches used by both data providers. In
this article we provide an exploratory data-based presentation of the data that
are collected and processed in the national health surveillance systems. These
methods and techniques also allow for information sharing and sharing of
visualization approaches and methods, as well as an exploration of a number of
commonly used visualization approaches and methods. It is also an exploration
and a demonstration of methods that have been developed and deployed in other
domains. Data sources and methods that have been used in the national health
surveillance systems in a manner with specific data needs include the World
Health Organization (WHO) [1, 2, 24] , the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) [1, 24] , and the World Bank (WB) [25]. As the World Health.
We know that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) are
coordinating with international partners [12, 13, 14, 15] , and the World
Health Organization (WHO) has been coordinating with the WHO for global
preparedness [16] . The WHO preparedness manual for managing of a global
disease spread was published [17] . Through WHO, various countries have been
using international protocols to protect their health [18] [19] [20] [21] [22]
, and this has resulted in large-scale collaborations and enhanced global
health resources. This collaboration and global preparedness has resulted in
the sharing and sharing of data generated by countries, and the development of
tools that allow countries to plan for and conduct research, which enhances
global health capacity. Data from the National Health Surveillance systems are
limited, and are usually collected at an institution-wide level. The data are
collected through a few different mechanisms and are often summarized through
web reporting forms on a weekly basis. As a result, the data can often be
incomplete, and can be inaccurate and incomplete. These problems and errors may
lead to misdiagnoses, and in this paper we will address these issues, and
report our own exploratory data visualization and visualization techniques.
Data, data visualization and visualization pipelines, and visualization methods
are a central area that we will explore. Most data sources that have been
reported to the WHO include electronic, paper-based, and paper-based systems
[17, 23] . There are many similarities in the methods that the data are
collected, and in fact many of the techniques used in both systems are similar.
This similarity allows for the sharing of data, and the visualization of
visualization techniques and models. In addition, this paper will identify
common web metrics and visualization approaches used by both data providers. In
this article we provide an exploratory data-based presentation of the data that
are collected and processed in the national health surveillance systems. These
methods and techniques also allow for information sharing and sharing of
visualization approaches and methods, as well as an exploration of a number of
commonly used visualization approaches and methods. It is also an exploration
and a demonstration of methods that have been developed and deployed in other
domains. Data sources and methods that have been used in the national health
surveillance systems in a manner with specific data needs include the World
Health Organization (WHO) [1, 2, 24] , the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (CDC) [1, 24] , and the World Bank (WB) [25] . As the World Health

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 1                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has not declared a
COVID-19 outbreak. Neither the WHO nor nongovernmental organizations have
recommended isolation measures. Given the apparent ease of travel and
international air travel, it is unlikely that infection would spread rapidly
between continents but rather could be contained. Moreover, both the WHO and
the CDC recommend isolation, not quarantine, and they both emphasize the high
probability of infection with the SARS-CoV virus [3]. Since the SARS outbreak,
the CDC has revised its guidelines extensively and declared that isolation may
not be necessary if other methods are effective, as is typically the case when
a pathogen is a threat to public health [4]. In addition, the CDC
recommendations for isolation have been updated through guidance and guidance
documents in the United States, Canada, and elsewhere. It is time for the WHO
to release guidance on public health guidance on the appropriate use of
isolation precautions and guidance to prevent the spread of COVID-19. In 2003,
after the SARS outbreak, the WHO issued a statement emphasizing the importance
of rapid global response, especially when it comes to detecting and monitoring
COVID-19 outbreaks [5]. The WHO has made it clear that it will take a global
approach to detecting COVID-19 epidemics, if not all international measures [6,
7]. Furthermore, the WHO issued a global alert about the disease and
highlighted that global actions would lead to an epidemic wave that would lead
to a series of international measures and help contain the disease. In other
words, the WHO's global approach could be used to effectively act on a global
health response if we only took international measures and did not work with
national or regional organizations. In this paper, we will give an overview of
COVID-19 and highlight the strategies at the international, regional, and
national levels. Since the SARS outbreak [5, 5, 7] , the global health
community has made a concerted effort to develop global public health
strategies for COVID-19. In 2005, the WHO launched the Global Action Plan to
Prevent and Accelerate the Removal of Vested Unbreaks, and since then, a series
of global actions on international coordination and coordination and a national
strategic framework have been implemented at an international, regional, or
subregional level [4, 8, 9]. In 2014, during the Ebola outbreak in West Africa,
the WHO declared a global public health emergency of international concern
(PHEIC) and called on the international community to implement a global. The US
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has not declared a COVID-19
outbreak. Neither the WHO nor nongovernmental organizations have recommended
isolation measures. Given the apparent ease of travel and international air
travel, it is unlikely that infection would spread rapidly between continents
but rather could be contained. Moreover, both the WHO and the CDC recommend
isolation, not quarantine, and they both emphasize the high probability of
infection with the SARS-CoV virus [3] . Since the SARS outbreak, the CDC has
revised its guidelines extensively and declared that isolation may not be
necessary if other methods are effective, as is typically the case when a
pathogen is a threat to public health [4] . In addition, the CDC
recommendations for isolation have been updated through guidance and guidance
documents in the United States, Canada, and elsewhere. It is time for the WHO
to release guidance on public health guidance on the appropriate use of
isolation precautions and guidance to prevent the spread of COVID-19. In 2003,
after the SARS outbreak, the WHO issued a statement emphasizing the importance
of rapid global response, especially when it comes to detecting and monitoring
COVID-19 outbreaks [5] . The WHO has made it clear that it will take a global
approach to detecting COVID-19 epidemics, if not all international measures [6,
7] . Furthermore, the WHO issued a global alert about the disease and
highlighted that global actions would lead to an epidemic wave that would lead
to a series of international measures and help contain the disease. In other
words, the WHO's global approach could be used to effectively act on a global
health response if we only took international measures and did not work with
national or regional organizations. In this paper, we will give an overview of
COVID-19 and highlight the strategies at the international, regional, and
national levels. Since the SARS outbreak [5, 5, 7] , the global health
community has made a concerted effort to develop global public health
strategies for COVID-19. In 2005, the WHO launched the Global Action Plan to
Prevent and Accelerate the Removal of Vested Unbreaks, and since then, a series
of global actions on international coordination and coordination and a national
strategic framework have been implemented at an international, regional, or
subregional level [4, 8, 9] . In 2014, during the Ebola outbreak in West
Africa, the WHO declared a global public health emergency of international
concern (PHEIC) and called on the international community to implement a global

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 2                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We have a basic understanding of what is and is not known about the epidemic.
For example, the World Health Organization (WHO) declared a public health
emergency of international concern on 27 September because of the rapid spread
of the disease in West Africa since September 23, 2017. WHO subsequently issued
an international alert, which was promptly followed by the Director of National
Health with an alert in the United States. It is important to recognize that
the WHO statement was not a total or complete admission by the international
community that it was concerned about the possibility of an epidemic. To
understand what is known and not known, one must take into account the WHO
statement, which stated it did not recommend containment of COVID-19 as
currently constituted. However, the WHO alert made clear the WHO recommendation
is an interim precaution for the global health community in the absence of
further information emerging, and for the time being, the WHO recommendation
appears to be justified by the fact that we have only just become aware of the
epidemic. The WHO warning appears to fall well short of identifying a mechanism
by which international assistance is to be directed to countries, rather than
the general public, and in the absence of clear leadership from this or any
other forum, it is unclear to what extent the WHO guidance was appropriate and
what international public health agencies are to rely upon for health care
access. WHO has also made the reasonable inference that international
assistance is most important in light of the nature of the disease and the
limited and delayed available information we have so far been able to obtain.
However, this WHO warning falls short of providing information to guide actions
of other relevant international agencies. In these cases, we have a very basic
knowledge of what we may or may not know, and in an urgent matter, such
knowledge may be useful. The WHO warning states that in the future, in the
absence of further information, it may designate future emergencies such as
this one as a Public Health Emergency of International Concern. How WHO can
continue to advise international officials when there is no information we know
anything about? Even for the United States, where the WHO warning has been
issued prior to the beginning of the epidemic, the fact that we have only just
learned about the epidemic is not itself an emergency, and it is unclear as to
why the WHO warning is not a more emergency than the daily routine. We have
previously noted the utility of establishing a national infectious disease
declaration to alert the federal government to the need for action and the
existence of a public health emergency. Such a declaration would be helpful in
an outbreak, especially if it is. We have a basic understanding of what is and
is not known about the epidemic. For example, the World Health Organization
(WHO) declared a public health emergency of international concern on 27
September because of the rapid spread of the disease in West Africa since
September 23, 2017. WHO subsequently issued an international alert, which was
promptly followed by the Director of National Health with an alert in the
United States. It is important to recognize that the WHO statement was not a
total or complete admission by the international community that it was
concerned about the possibility of an epidemic. To understand what is known and
not known, one must take into account the WHO statement, which stated it did
not recommend containment of COVID-19 as currently constituted. However, the
WHO alert made clear the WHO recommendation is an interim precaution for the
global health community in the absence of further information emerging, and for
the time being, the WHO recommendation appears to be justified by the fact that
we have only just become aware of the epidemic. The WHO warning appears to fall
well short of identifying a mechanism by which international assistance is to
be directed to countries, rather than the general public, and in the absence of
clear leadership from this or any other forum, it is unclear to what extent the
WHO guidance was appropriate and what international public health agencies are
to rely upon for health care access. WHO has also made the reasonable inference
that international assistance is most important in light of the nature of the
disease and the limited and delayed available information we have so far been
able to obtain. However, this WHO warning falls short of providing information
to guide actions of other relevant international agencies. In these cases, we
have a very basic knowledge of what we may or may not know, and in an urgent
matter, such knowledge may be useful. The WHO warning states that in the
future, in the absence of further information, it may designate future
emergencies such as this one as a Public Health Emergency of International
Concern. How WHO can continue to advise international officials when there is
no information we know anything about? Even for the United States, where the
WHO warning has been issued prior to the beginning of the epidemic, the fact
that we have only just learned about the epidemic is not itself an emergency,
and it is unclear as to why the WHO warning is not a more emergency than the
daily routine. We have previously noted the utility of establishing a national
infectious disease declaration to alert the federal government to the need for
action and the existence of a public health emergency. Such a declaration would
be helpful in an outbreak, especially if it is

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 3                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From epidemiological data, few studies have indicated the use of the NxTAG®
system to carry out specific diagnostic tests of patients infected with a
respiratory virus for targeted treatment. Many researchers are still in the
initial stages of this review. We review results from the first NxTAG® pilot
trial in the Netherlands from October 2014 to June 2016, focusing on the impact
and the potential for the system to improve clinical care of patients with
respiratory infection. In the future, this pilot may be extended to other
countries, although its use is limited or at least poorly established in some
countries, as exemplified by the pilot trial of the NxTAG® system in the UK
[8]. We highlight the challenges in the implementation of the NxTAG® system
which must be faced in the first months of implementation, highlighting its
issues and its impact on clinical care in the UK. The pilot trial was the first
investigation of an automated assay to detect COVID-19 in samples tested by
NxTAG®. This method for diagnostics is also being used as one of the diagnostic
tests at our UK Centre for Disease Control (CDC) [4]. During their evaluation
of the pilot study, CDC representatives stated that the screening tests for
patients suspected of COVID-19 exposure have been conducted in UK hospitals
since September 2014 and that the introduction of NxTAG® would help to ensure
their proper use. However, NxTAG® has not yet been used in the UK. In a study
published in 2014, the CDC recommended that the NxTAG® test may be a "preferred
alternative" for testing clinical specimens for this infection, [5] and may be
preferable than traditional RT-PCR for identifying patients who may have been
exposed to virus in a previous setting [12]. However, other studies have
expressed the opposite of how NxTAG® could improve patient diagnostic testing
[13] [14] [15]. One recent systematic review [16] also suggested that the
NxTAG® method would have a greater impact, if used, as a rapid diagnostic test
and not a more complete tool but rather as a rapid tool (not shown in the
review). This would argue, for example, that the NxTAG® system is more suited
to test the respiratory tract or gastrointestinal samples than conventional
RT-PCR with regard to specific testing, especially when those samples represent
patients of higher risk of contamination, such as suspected tuberculosis
patients, those with underlying conditions, or those who are immunocompromised.
The review also. From epidemiological data, few studies have indicated the use
of the NxTAG® system to carry out specific diagnostic tests of patients
infected with a respiratory virus for targeted treatment. Many researchers are
still in the initial stages of this review. We review results from the first
NxTAG® pilot trial in the Netherlands from October 2014 to June 2016, focusing
on the impact and the potential for the system to improve clinical care of
patients with respiratory infection. In the future, this pilot may be extended
to other countries, although its use is limited or at least poorly established
in some countries, as exemplified by the pilot trial of the NxTAG® system in
the UK [8] . We highlight the challenges in the implementation of the NxTAG®
system which must be faced in the first months of implementation, highlighting
its issues and its impact on clinical care in the UK. The pilot trial was the
first investigation of an automated assay to detect COVID-19 in samples tested
by NxTAG®. This method for diagnostics is also being used as one of the
diagnostic tests at our UK Centre for Disease Control (CDC) [4] . During their
evaluation of the pilot study, CDC representatives stated that the screening
tests for patients suspected of COVID-19 exposure have been conducted in UK
hospitals since September 2014 and that the introduction of NxTAG® would help
to ensure their proper use. However, NxTAG® has not yet been used in the UK. In
a study published in 2014, the CDC recommended that the NxTAG® test may be a
"preferred alternative" for testing clinical specimens for this infection, [5]
and may be preferable than traditional RT-PCR for identifying patients who may
have been exposed to virus in a previous setting [12] . However, other studies
have expressed the opposite of how NxTAG® could improve patient diagnostic
testing [13] [14] [15] . One recent systematic review [16] also suggested that
the NxTAG® method would have a greater impact, if used, as a rapid diagnostic
test and not a more complete tool but rather as a rapid tool (not shown in the
review). This would argue, for example, that the NxTAG® system is more suited
to test the respiratory tract or gastrointestinal samples than conventional
RT-PCR with regard to specific testing, especially when those samples represent
patients of higher risk of contamination, such as suspected tuberculosis
patients, those with underlying conditions, or those who are immunocompromised.
The review also

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 4                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here, we have summarized data on the detection of SARS-CoV using qPCR and
RT-PCR assays for the first time worldwide and provide evidence for detection
of COVID-19 in hospitalized persons. The SARS-CoV assay for detection of the
first time in people is a commercial realtime RT-PCR assay. The method requires
4 nucleotide primers along with 2 probes with 2 copies per reaction. After the
detection step-wise with a 4 primer set that includes 2 copies, 1 copy and 3
fragments, the results are compared to those from the commercial detection
methods. We first demonstrate qPCR using MERS-CoV RNA as a substrate, and then
provide evidence suggesting that the commercial assay reproducibly detects
MERS-CoV on 2 copies of the positive reaction. MERS-CoV is a novel, and deadly,
respiratory coronavirus identified during the 2002 outbreak in Duesseldorf,
Germany [1] [2] [3] [4]. As of August 23, 2018, WHO reported an outbreak of
MERS-CoV with at least 1 confirmed case in Saudi Arabia after attending a
conference related to the WHO's International Health Regulations program
(http://www. who.
int/who/who-is/emerging-infectious-catalyses/analysis-of-zoonotic-respiratory-carcinoma-risk-matrix.
html). The World Health Organization (WHO) and Ministry of Health (MOH) report
that there are a total of 8,427 confirmed MERS-CoV infections, of which 736
have confirmed deaths [5, 6]. Most cases have been in MOH confirmed cases. The
outbreak in MOH with 716 confirmed cases and 4 deaths (15%) has caused public
awareness of the public health impact of MERS and provided public education on
the potential for MERS-CoV infection to cause a large public health threat. WHO
reports that no specific treatment is available as no specific antiviral is
currently available. The method used by the Hubei Health Department [7] , a
Chinese commercial laboratory for qPCR-based diagnostic assay, includes the
following steps: (1) the reaction is carried out on 96 well plates (21 cm 3 )
with 25 pmol of 2 or 3 copies each of the forward (F) and reverse (R) primers.
(2) after each primer is added, a probe with 2 copies per reaction is added.
Here, we have summarized data on the detection of SARS-CoV using qPCR and
RT-PCR assays for the first time worldwide and provide evidence for detection
of COVID-19 in hospitalized persons. The SARS-CoV assay for detection of the
first time in people is a commercial realtime RT-PCR assay. The method requires
4 nucleotide primers along with 2 probes with 2 copies per reaction. After the
detection step-wise with a 4 primer set that includes 2 copies, 1 copy and 3
fragments, the results are compared to those from the commercial detection
methods. We first demonstrate qPCR using MERS-CoV RNA as a substrate, and then
provide evidence suggesting that the commercial assay reproducibly detects
MERS-CoV on 2 copies of the positive reaction. MERS-CoV is a novel, and deadly,
respiratory coronavirus identified during the 2002 outbreak in Duesseldorf,
Germany [1] [2] [3] [4] . As of August 23, 2018, WHO reported an outbreak of
MERS-CoV with at least 1 confirmed case in Saudi Arabia after attending a
conference related to the WHO's International Health Regulations program
(http://www.who.int/who/who-is/emerging-infectious-catalyses/analysis-of-zoonotic-respiratory-carcinoma-risk-matrix.html).
The World Health Organization (WHO) and Ministry of Health (MOH) report that
there are a total of 8,427 confirmed MERS-CoV infections, of which 736 have
confirmed deaths [5, 6] . Most cases have been in MOH confirmed cases. The
outbreak in MOH with 716 confirmed cases and 4 deaths (15%) has caused public
awareness of the public health impact of MERS and provided public education on
the potential for MERS-CoV infection to cause a large public health threat. WHO
reports that no specific treatment is available as no specific antiviral is
currently available. The method used by the Hubei Health Department [7] , a
Chinese commercial laboratory for qPCR-based diagnostic assay, includes the
following steps: (1) the reaction is carried out on 96 well plates (21 cm 3 )
with 25 pmol of 2 or 3 copies each of the forward (F) and reverse (R) primers.
(2) after each primer is added, a probe with 2 copies per reaction is added
