-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| QUESTION                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Are there geographic variations in the rate of COVID-19 spread?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 0                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The present study compared the spatiotemporal transmission networks among
countries with different risk, and showed some degree of variation in the
transmission behaviour. Although we did not find evidence of significant
spatial co-localisation of outbreaks, we observed high temporal clustering in
the transmission network, probably due to the mobility of travelers. This
suggests that people from various parts of the world may travel together to
take part in these outbreaks. The high degree of clustering in transmission
networks in the current outbreak ( Figure 2 ) highlights the need for caution,
especially in relation to the risk assessment. According to the WHO and World
Bank's estimates, COVID-19 was introduced in 26 countries within the last 6
months. These countries represent a significant portion of the global
population and many are major economic centres with an important role in global
trade. For instance, India, China, Thailand, and Vietnam account for nearly 30
% of the world's gross domestic product (Figure 2). Furthermore, the world
trade routes are expanding: goods traded in goods and services traded in
services. Globalisation and connectivity are likely to accelerate the spread of
disease. The risk of outbreaks can be assessed in several ways. If a country is
likely to have a high degree of international spread and a high degree of
spatial co-localisation among infected people, then it may be expected to
experience high transmissibility. The global spread network allows to evaluate
the risk in this kind of scenarios. A global analysis reveals that countries
with high transmissibility were not always more interconnected in spread
patterns. Some low risk countries were connected by smaller geographical
distances ( Figure 3) , and were therefore often not as exposed to global
spreading and may have been less impacted by global spread. We also analysed
travel data from social media platforms to determine if there are significant
geographic variations in the rate of spread. We performed a global comparison
among countries with high prevalence according to the World Health Organization
(WHO) and World Bank (WB) indices, using public health travel data from social
media to travel data collected in the WHO Global Health Observatory in 2015. We
found that some high risk countries have a higher degree of global spread than
low risk countries, such as Nigeria, Brazil, and Saudi Arabia, especially
during the 2013-2014 Ebola outbreak [9]. Other travel data points for these
countries could be considered additional secondary data for the analysis, such
as Mexico (2016) [15] [16]. As the travel data have been analysed for other
diseases and pathogens [17] [18] [19] [. The present study compared the
spatiotemporal transmission networks among countries with different risk, and
showed some degree of variation in the transmission behaviour. Although we did
not find evidence of significant spatial co-localisation of outbreaks, we
observed high temporal clustering in the transmission network, probably due to
the mobility of travelers. This suggests that people from various parts of the
world may travel together to take part in these outbreaks. The high degree of
clustering in transmission networks in the current outbreak ( Figure 2 )
highlights the need for caution, especially in relation to the risk assessment.
According to the WHO and World Bank's estimates, COVID-19 was introduced in 26
countries within the last 6 months. These countries represent a significant
portion of the global population and many are major economic centres with an
important role in global trade. For instance, India, China, Thailand, and
Vietnam account for nearly 30 % of the world's gross domestic product (Figure
2) . Furthermore, the world trade routes are expanding: goods traded in goods
and services traded in services. Globalisation and connectivity are likely to
accelerate the spread of disease. The risk of outbreaks can be assessed in
several ways. If a country is likely to have a high degree of international
spread and a high degree of spatial co-localisation among infected people, then
it may be expected to experience high transmissibility. The global spread
network allows to evaluate the risk in this kind of scenarios. A global
analysis reveals that countries with high transmissibility were not always more
interconnected in spread patterns. Some low risk countries were connected by
smaller geographical distances ( Figure 3) , and were therefore often not as
exposed to global spreading and may have been less impacted by global spread.
We also analysed travel data from social media platforms to determine if there
are significant geographic variations in the rate of spread. We performed a
global comparison among countries with high prevalence according to the World
Health Organization (WHO) and World Bank (WB) indices, using public health
travel data from social media to travel data collected in the WHO Global Health
Observatory in 2015. We found that some high risk countries have a higher
degree of global spread than low risk countries, such as Nigeria, Brazil, and
Saudi Arabia, especially during the 2013-2014 Ebola outbreak [9] . Other travel
data points for these countries could be considered additional secondary data
for the analysis, such as Mexico (2016) [15] [16] . As the travel data have
been analysed for other diseases and pathogens [17] [18] [19] [

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 1                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Do the spread patterns of COVID-19 occur predominantly in coastal areas and not
in other areas of the world? If so, how? The main question that we have to
answer is: (1) how are people in other countries to adapt to new infections,
and how do they get to the US and other neighboring countries? (2) how do the
newly emerging infections spread, and what do US public health officials do
with the new infections? (3) What happens to people after they arrive? (4) how
do they spread disease over long distance to the US? (5) at what stage do they
develop a severe infection? (6) how do new diseases break into a large number
of people, and how can our health-centered approaches to health prevent these
infectious diseases in people? For decades, emerging pathogens have been a
major threat for public health, especially when they are asymptomatic or are
highly virulent. Some of the most recent pathogens include Ebola in 2014, YNU
viruses in 2012, SARS in 2003 (and H1N1 influenza in 2008) , and seasonal flu
in 2007. While these epidemics have highlighted the importance of having the
proper skills and techniques for diagnosis and prevention, there are a lot of
steps that are not well understood. The National Institutes of Health (NIH)
website (https://www. ncbi. nih. gov/genchemistry) lists a number of basic
molecular biology courses that can be taken at a communitycollege, university,
or other institution. We used the online molecular biology curricula (and a few
of the online courses listed in the curricula) as reference for our discussion
section. The "Master of Health Sciences: Molecular Biology, Epidemiology,
Public Health" course is an online course offered by the American Board of
Medicalrology (ABCBM); an online version of this course has previously been
developed for public health. Here is an overview of the course requirements,
including prerequisite requirements, and prerequisite-college-transfer
requirements. Complete a 6 course series of general anatomy and genetics (or
related anatomy courses). Complete a 6 course series of biochemical,
biological, medical, or biotechnology (or related biology courses). Complete a
9 course series of general microbiology (or equivalent). Complete a 5 course
series of microbiology or equivalent (or equivalent microbiology courses).
Complete a 3 course series of microbiology classes and electives at an
accredited college or university (or equivalent microbiology courses. Complete
a. Do the spread patterns of COVID-19 occur predominantly in coastal areas and
not in other areas of the world? If so, how? The main question that we have to
answer is: (1) how are people in other countries to adapt to new infections,
and how do they get to the US and other neighboring countries? (2) how do the
newly emerging infections spread, and what do US public health officials do
with the new infections? (3) What happens to people after they arrive? (4) how
do they spread disease over long distance to the US? (5) at what stage do they
develop a severe infection? (6) how do new diseases break into a large number
of people, and how can our health-centered approaches to health prevent these
infectious diseases in people? For decades, emerging pathogens have been a
major threat for public health, especially when they are asymptomatic or are
highly virulent. Some of the most recent pathogens include Ebola in 2014, YNU
viruses in 2012, SARS in 2003 (and H1N1 influenza in 2008) , and seasonal flu
in 2007. While these epidemics have highlighted the importance of having the
proper skills and techniques for diagnosis and prevention, there are a lot of
steps that are not well understood. The National Institutes of Health (NIH)
website (https://www.ncbi. nih.gov/genchemistry) lists a number of basic
molecular biology courses that can be taken at a communitycollege, university,
or other institution. We used the online molecular biology curricula (and a few
of the online courses listed in the curricula) as reference for our discussion
section. The "Master of Health Sciences: Molecular Biology, Epidemiology,
Public Health" course is an online course offered by the American Board of
Medicalrology (ABCBM); an online version of this course has previously been
developed for public health. Here is an overview of the course requirements,
including prerequisite requirements, and prerequisite-college-transfer
requirements. Complete a 6 course series of general anatomy and genetics (or
related anatomy courses). Complete a 6 course series of biochemical,
biological, medical, or biotechnology (or related biology courses). Complete a
9 course series of general microbiology (or equivalent). Complete a 5 course
series of microbiology or equivalent (or equivalent microbiology courses).
Complete a 3 course series of microbiology classes and electives at an
accredited college or university (or equivalent microbiology courses. Complete
a? Do the spread patterns of COVID-19 occur predominantly in coastal areas and
not in other areas of the world? If so, how? The main question that we have to
answer is: (1) how are people in other countries to adapt to new infections,
and how do they get to the US and other neighboring countries? (2) how do the
newly emerging infections spread, and what do US public health officials do
with the new infections? (3) What happens to people after they arrive? (4) how
do they spread disease over long distance to the US? (5) at what stage do they
develop a severe infection? (6) how do new diseases break into a large number
of people, and how can our health-centered approaches to health prevent these
infectious diseases in people? For decades, emerging pathogens have been a
major threat for public health, especially when they are asymptomatic or are
highly virulent. Some of the most recent pathogens include Ebola in 2014, YNU
viruses in 2012, SARS in 2003 (and H1N1 influenza in 2008) , and seasonal flu
in 2007. While these epidemics have highlighted the importance of having the
proper skills and techniques for diagnosis and prevention, there are a lot of
steps that are not well understood. The National Institutes of Health (NIH)
website (https://www.ncbi. nih.gov/genchemistry) lists a number of basic
molecular biology courses that can be taken at a communitycollege, university,
or other institution. We used the online molecular biology curricula (and a few
of the online courses listed in the curricula) as reference for our discussion
section. The "Master of Health Sciences: Molecular Biology, Epidemiology,
Public Health" course is an online course offered by the American Board of
Medicalrology (ABCBM); an online version of this course has previously been
developed for public health. Here is an overview of the course requirements,
including prerequisite requirements, and prerequisite-college-transfer
requirements. Complete a 6 course series of general anatomy and genetics (or
related anatomy courses). Complete a 6 course series of biochemical,
biological, medical, or biotechnology (or related biology courses). Complete a
9 course series of general microbiology (or equivalent). Complete a 5 course
series of microbiology or equivalent (or equivalent microbiology courses).
Complete a 3 course series of microbiology classes and electives at an
accredited college or university (or equivalent microbiology courses. Complete
a

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 2                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The global circulation and impact of the COVID-19 epidemic have been monitored
since its widespread appearance in May 2019 in China [36]. It is noteworthy
that the disease caused by the virus is primarily transmitted from animals to
humans. In China, COVID-19 infection was detected in all the major urban areas,
including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Zhengzhou, Shenzhen, and
Huizhou, without significant spillover to other rural areas [36] (Figure 2B).
The disease spread to some rural areas, such as Jiaozing, in August 2019, but
most of the outbreaks were focused in urban areas where a large number of
humans live densely. Notably, most of the rural cases were not directly linked
to animal-to-human transmission. A report from Chinese Academy of Health
Science (Jiaozing, P. R. China 2017) suggested that the epidemic was most
likely to have originated in a wild animal reservoir (pianistodontid bats,
rodents, and bats). It is noteworthy, however, that bats are considered the
main reservoir of human and animal coronaviruses [23]. In Jiaozing, the main
host area, bats were found in more than 70% of the human resident population
(Jossai-Beijing) and in more than 40% of animals (Beijing bats and rats) [23].
In another study from a human hospital in China [30] , the main viruses of
human infection were SARS-like, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARSres),
and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). Overall, these findings indicate
that both human and animal viral infection are factors in the spread of new
coronaviruses. In this study, we determined the geographic and temporal
patterns of the epidemics in mainland China by analyzing data from the Chinese
National Health and Family Planning Commission and the World Health
Organization. In order to monitor infection and spread, a global map of the
COVID-19 epidemic was also established for measuring its global spread. A map
was constructed in which the geographic coordinates were aligned with the
epidemic peaks. This map provided valuable information of infection spread and
geographical distribution in China for monitoring and predicting infectious
disease. In addition, this map was used to analyze the incidence of infected
animal species and animal populations in China (Figure 3 ). The location and
dates of the infection cases are shown in Figure 1. During the outbreak period,
the disease spread mainly by animal to human transmission [40] [41. The global
circulation and impact of the COVID-19 epidemic have been monitored since its
widespread appearance in May 2019 in China [36] . It is noteworthy that the
disease caused by the virus is primarily transmitted from animals to humans. In
China, COVID-19 infection was detected in all the major urban areas, including
Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Zhengzhou, Shenzhen, and Huizhou,
without significant spillover to other rural areas [36] (Figure 2B). The
disease spread to some rural areas, such as Jiaozing, in August 2019, but most
of the outbreaks were focused in urban areas where a large number of humans
live densely. Notably, most of the rural cases were not directly linked to
animal-to-human transmission. A report from Chinese Academy of Health Science
(Jiaozing, P.R. China 2017) suggested that the epidemic was most likely to have
originated in a wild animal reservoir (pianistodontid bats, rodents, and bats).
It is noteworthy, however, that bats are considered the main reservoir of human
and animal coronaviruses [23] . In Jiaozing, the main host area, bats were
found in more than 70% of the human resident population (Jossai-Beijing) and in
more than 40% of animals (Beijing bats and rats) [23] . In another study from a
human hospital in China [30] , the main viruses of human infection were
SARS-like, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARSres), and Middle East
Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). Overall, these findings indicate that both human
and animal viral infection are factors in the spread of new coronaviruses. In
this study, we determined the geographic and temporal patterns of the epidemics
in mainland China by analyzing data from the Chinese National Health and Family
Planning Commission and the World Health Organization. In order to monitor
infection and spread, a global map of the COVID-19 epidemic was also
established for measuring its global spread. A map was constructed in which the
geographic coordinates were aligned with the epidemic peaks. This map provided
valuable information of infection spread and geographical distribution in China
for monitoring and predicting infectious disease. In addition, this map was
used to analyze the incidence of infected animal species and animal populations
in China (Figure 3 ). The location and dates of the infection cases are shown
in Figure 1 . During the outbreak period, the disease spread mainly by animal
to human transmission [40] [41

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 3                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The geographical distribution analysis shows that the first epidemic to spread
in the Philippines was mainly over land routes ( Fig 2, Table 6 ). From April
to June 2019, there were no apparent differences in the routes of virus
transmission between the Philippines and any other countries. For example, a 2.
4-km square around a hospital in Manila was the major place of dissemination
before the end of the 2014 epidemic in the Philippines. There were no
geographic clusters in the spread of the other virus (Additional file 2). The
Philippines seems to be a single entity that spreads all the viruses mentioned
above, except for the highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N1. Other viral
epidemics in the Philippines in the past century were associated with a
geographical cluster [10, 11] based on their geographic distribution, for
example, an outbreak of cholera in the 1920s in a mining colony near Manila,
and multiple respiratory outbreaks in coastal areas during the 1940s and 1960s.
One example of an outbreak of respiratory infection in a mining colony near
Manila was the outbreak of influenza in 1987, which affected 400 out of 4,000
workers in an iron mine in Manila and the Philippines, resulting in an annual
death toll of up to 100,000 in the years 1989 through 1993 [7, 12]. However, in
2001, the MRTD of the MRTD was established in Manila, thus preventing the
transmission of infections transmitted via air, for several years. The SPAI
data are consistent with the notion that the virus is transmitted primarily by
the airborne route and that the routes are primarily from the sources of
infection to the hospitals, clinics and homes via air, road and ground ( Fig 3,
Table 7 and Additional file 3). Furthermore, a significant number of the SPAI
cases that were likely due to the air-borne mode of transmission in our model
are clustered around a road in Manila, and a road that runs along an artery in
the central region of RCC. Most of the SPAI cases in this study were associated
with a route that was not considered in a previous modelling effort, although
we identified that routes from a few hospitals in this study are in line with a
previous study from Beijing and Hong Kong [15]. For this reason, this is a
useful dataset for future epidemiological researches to investigate the
possible routes of COVID-19 transmission among different healthcare facilities.
The routes used to connect each healthcare facility in the Philippines were
consistent with studies and surveys in other countries (see Fig 2. The
geographical distribution analysis shows that the first epidemic to spread in
the Philippines was mainly over land routes ( Fig 2, Table 6 ). From April to
June 2019, there were no apparent differences in the routes of virus
transmission between the Philippines and any other countries. For example, a
2.4-km square around a hospital in Manila was the major place of dissemination
before the end of the 2014 epidemic in the Philippines. There were no
geographic clusters in the spread of the other virus (Additional file 2). The
Philippines seems to be a single entity that spreads all the viruses mentioned
above, except for the highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N1. Other viral
epidemics in the Philippines in the past century were associated with a
geographical cluster [10, 11] based on their geographic distribution, for
example, an outbreak of cholera in the 1920s in a mining colony near Manila,
and multiple respiratory outbreaks in coastal areas during the 1940s and 1960s.
One example of an outbreak of respiratory infection in a mining colony near
Manila was the outbreak of influenza in 1987, which affected 400 out of 4,000
workers in an iron mine in Manila and the Philippines, resulting in an annual
death toll of up to 100,000 in the years 1989 through 1993 [7, 12]. However, in
2001, the MRTD of the MRTD was established in Manila, thus preventing the
transmission of infections transmitted via air, for several years. The SPAI
data are consistent with the notion that the virus is transmitted primarily by
the airborne route and that the routes are primarily from the sources of
infection to the hospitals, clinics and homes via air, road and ground ( Fig 3,
Table 7 and Additional file 3). Furthermore, a significant number of the SPAI
cases that were likely due to the air-borne mode of transmission in our model
are clustered around a road in Manila, and a road that runs along an artery in
the central region of RCC. Most of the SPAI cases in this study were associated
with a route that was not considered in a previous modelling effort, although
we identified that routes from a few hospitals in this study are in line with a
previous study from Beijing and Hong Kong [15]. For this reason, this is a
useful dataset for future epidemiological researches to investigate the
possible routes of COVID-19 transmission among different healthcare facilities.
The routes used to connect each healthcare facility in the Philippines were
consistent with studies and surveys in other countries (see Fig 2

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 4                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The COVID-19 epidemic is spreading rapidly from northern Asia to Latin America
among travelers worldwide. Some cities have reported increased virus
replication and spread [30]. The emergence of this strain coincides with
increased travel trends and high activity in the ocean routes, such as during
the 2015 and 2016 seasons. For example, there have been a total of 566
confirmed cases reported globally in 2016. According to the World Health
Organization (WHO), there is an increased likelihood of spread to other Pacific
countries: "If current trends continue, by mid-December 2017, there will be
2,600 confirmed cases, 2,450 deaths and 10,000-15,000 lost work [1]. " Based on
the WHO case data, the spread in Asia is projected to continue. The first wave
of travelers who were infected in the Bali, Indonesia, and Singapore cases, and
who had not been detected by previous screening methods. These patients will
infect other persons, and the secondary attack rates will increase [2, 3]. As
described above, we have a global outbreak. The main risk factors for the
course of this epidemic include: (1) increasing population movement,
particularly from the Arabian Peninsula (MCA), especially from the Middle East,
to Southeast Asia, (2) the increased movement of large cargo ships and airports
into Asia during the months from June to August, and (3) the increase in
large-scale vessel traffic and international land crossings to Central and
South America. The global trend will bring many people to the Asia-Pacific
region. We do not know whether these travelers enter or exit the region;
therefore, it is difficult to predict the final spread, even with current
knowledge. The main risk factor for the course of this epidemic is the
combination of both factors; therefore, screening measures may be strengthened
globally and in the Asia-Pacific region, and in particular after the initial
phase of the epidemic. One possible mechanism of global spread is the use of
multiple modes of transport using land transportation and air. We have a global
situation to prevent and control this epidemic for Asia-Pacific. With the
increase in travel and trade between Asia and the Americas, we have a risk of a
global spread similar to the SARS outbreak in Hong Kong. We should be vigilant
at every international border. We encourage all stakeholders in Asia-Pacific
countries to improve air-and land-bridging systems, particularly airports, to
prevent the spread of this outbreak. We propose the following policies to
improve these systems. First and foremost, it is. The COVID-19 epidemic is
spreading rapidly from northern Asia to Latin America among travelers
worldwide. Some cities have reported increased virus replication and spread
[30] . The emergence of this strain coincides with increased travel trends and
high activity in the ocean routes, such as during the 2015 and 2016 seasons.
For example, there have been a total of 566 confirmed cases reported globally
in 2016. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), there is an
increased likelihood of spread to other Pacific countries: "If current trends
continue, by mid-December 2017, there will be 2,600 confirmed cases, 2,450
deaths and 10,000-15,000 lost work [1] ." Based on the WHO case data, the
spread in Asia is projected to continue. The first wave of travelers who were
infected in the Bali, Indonesia, and Singapore cases, and who had not been
detected by previous screening methods. These patients will infect other
persons, and the secondary attack rates will increase [2, 3] . As described
above, we have a global outbreak. The main risk factors for the course of this
epidemic include: (1) increasing population movement, particularly from the
Arabian Peninsula (MCA), especially from the Middle East, to Southeast Asia,
(2) the increased movement of large cargo ships and airports into Asia during
the months from June to August, and (3) the increase in large-scale vessel
traffic and international land crossings to Central and South America. The
global trend will bring many people to the Asia-Pacific region. We do not know
whether these travelers enter or exit the region; therefore, it is difficult to
predict the final spread, even with current knowledge. The main risk factor for
the course of this epidemic is the combination of both factors; therefore,
screening measures may be strengthened globally and in the Asia-Pacific region,
and in particular after the initial phase of the epidemic. One possible
mechanism of global spread is the use of multiple modes of transport using land
transportation and air. We have a global situation to prevent and control this
epidemic for Asia-Pacific. With the increase in travel and trade between Asia
and the Americas, we have a risk of a global spread similar to the SARS
outbreak in Hong Kong. We should be vigilant at every international border. We
encourage all stakeholders in Asia-Pacific countries to improve air-and
land-bridging systems, particularly airports, to prevent the spread of this
outbreak. We propose the following policies to improve these systems. First and
foremost, it is
