-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| QUESTION                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What has been published about ethical and social science considerations of
COVID-19?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 0                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The case was brought to the World Health Organization (WHO) Emergency Committee
on Infectious Diseases (ECID) on 24 February 2020 [3]. On that day, a newly
emerged H1N1 influenza A subtype had been reported to WHO, spreading rapidly
and causing severe respiratory distress. WHO recommended the development of a
strategy for emergency preparedness and management for global health. However,
many stakeholders, including the International Health Regulations (2005) and
International Health Regulations (2005) , were concerned about the potential
for this new disease to emerge in other regions and pose global or regional
health security challenges. To contain and prevent the spread of this new
influenza virus, WHO issued guidance that was to facilitate national
preparedness, as well as the coordination and collaboration of global response
to such emerging outbreaks. On 14 February 2020, as WHO issued its guidance,
the World Health Organization (WHO) had an updated emergency strategy of its
National Influenza Centre of Health Research and Sierra Leone. To date, no
national or global plans exists (World Health Organization (WHO) https://apps.
who. int/globalhealth/globalhealth/ plan for the early detection and
surveillance of the 2018-2019 influenza season. The WHO had issued a previous,
emergency guideline of the National Influenza Centre of Health Research and
Sierra Leone for national influenza preparedness in 2006 [8]. Its aim was to
improve the quality of global public health care through better coordination of
public health activities. In 2011, the National Influenza Centre of Health
Research and Sierra Leone conducted a national survey of public health
professionals and practitioners who work in the national Influenza Centre of
Health Research and Sierra Leone. The survey included 871 respondents including
44 respondents from public health and 39 respondents from the Ministry of
Health and other health organizations. Among respondents, there was an overall
belief that: (i) the influenza epidemic was under control; (ii) the WHO and the
United Nations had a good track record of implementation of the IHR; (iii) it
was time for an end to the old strategies of fear; and (iv) they expected less
conflict between international interests and domestic policies. During the
study period, there had been an increase in the number of cases of H1N1
influenza A subtype. Between 27 January and 06 February 2020, there had been
five to six thousand cases reported to WHO to this day, and WHO had revised the
international alert and containment policy in order to limit the spread of H1N1
influenza A. The first wave of cases (09 January to. The case was brought to
the World Health Organization (WHO) Emergency Committee on Infectious Diseases
(ECID) on 24 February 2020 [3] . On that day, a newly emerged H1N1 influenza A
subtype had been reported to WHO, spreading rapidly and causing severe
respiratory distress. WHO recommended the development of a strategy for
emergency preparedness and management for global health. However, many
stakeholders, including the International Health Regulations (2005) and
International Health Regulations (2005) , were concerned about the potential
for this new disease to emerge in other regions and pose global or regional
health security challenges. To contain and prevent the spread of this new
influenza virus, WHO issued guidance that was to facilitate national
preparedness, as well as the coordination and collaboration of global response
to such emerging outbreaks. On 14 February 2020, as WHO issued its guidance,
the World Health Organization (WHO) had an updated emergency strategy of its
National Influenza Centre of Health Research and Sierra Leone. To date, no
national or global plans exists (World Health Organization (WHO)
https://apps.who.int/globalhealth/globalhealth/ plan for the early detection
and surveillance of the 2018-2019 influenza season. The WHO had issued a
previous, emergency guideline of the National Influenza Centre of Health
Research and Sierra Leone for national influenza preparedness in 2006 [8] . Its
aim was to improve the quality of global public health care through better
coordination of public health activities. In 2011, the National Influenza
Centre of Health Research and Sierra Leone conducted a national survey of
public health professionals and practitioners who work in the national
Influenza Centre of Health Research and Sierra Leone. The survey included 871
respondents including 44 respondents from public health and 39 respondents from
the Ministry of Health and other health organizations. Among respondents, there
was an overall belief that: (i) the influenza epidemic was under control; (ii)
the WHO and the United Nations had a good track record of implementation of the
IHR; (iii) it was time for an end to the old strategies of fear; and (iv) they
expected less conflict between international interests and domestic policies.
During the study period, there had been an increase in the number of cases of
H1N1 influenza A subtype. Between 27 January and 06 February 2020, there had
been five to six thousand cases reported to WHO to this day, and WHO had
revised the international alert and containment policy in order to limit the
spread of H1N1 influenza A. The first wave of cases (09 January to

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 1                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Read about and discuss this information on ethical issues is a useful first
step in assessing the ethical aspects of COVID-19 [6, [11] [12] [13] , but it
is not enough to justify taking action. Further information is required to
assess the degree to which COVID-19 is compatible with the ethical concepts
described above, and subsequently the extent and types of risk it generates
[12] [13] [14]. In addition, more information, including analysis and
interpretation of the ethical and social aspects of the WHO report and the
findings of the WHO Collaborating Center, is needed to better understand these
values, beliefs, and perspectives, to take action to prevent the future spread
of this disease or to respond to its spread. It is not only human beings that
become the focus of COVID-19 efforts, but those who use animals for scientific
purposes and create tools which are suitable for the scientific purposes [13].
One of the primary objectives of COVID-19 is to spread the disease through
international trade and travel, thereby creating a situation that can produce
global threats, such as the one now facing global public health. In support of
this, the WHO Collaborating Center has proposed a global system that is in
place to stop the spread of SARS-corona virus. In this system, a global
governance framework was established whereby WHO and other international
governing bodies, such as the World Bank, the United Nation Security Council
(UNSC) and the World Health Organization, will review the global situation and
decide to act to stop the current spread of the disease worldwide. The global
system will then be led by WHO, with the World Bank, National Institutes of
Health and other leading national government organizations, serving as the
international coordination point. In this system, the World Bank and WHO are
partners, representing global public interests, in all of the following three
actions. Firstly, the World Bank and various national government agencies will
create and assess global standards and regulations to ensure they meet the
global consensus [20, 21]. Secondly, national governments will create and
review guidelines and protocols that provide guidance for the implementation of
international agreements and global standards [21] [22] [23] [24] [25] [26]
[27] , and thirdly, the World Bank and the World Organization for Animal Health
(OIE) will set and implement a global plan to protect human and animal health
according to international values, which includes monitoring and evaluation of
the effectiveness of national and international policies, and developing
strategies aimed at helping countries. Read about and discuss this information
on ethical issues is a useful first step in assessing the ethical aspects of
COVID-19 [6, [11] [12] [13] , but it is not enough to justify taking action.
Further information is required to assess the degree to which COVID-19 is
compatible with the ethical concepts described above, and subsequently the
extent and types of risk it generates [12] [13] [14] . In addition, more
information, including analysis and interpretation of the ethical and social
aspects of the WHO report and the findings of the WHO Collaborating Center, is
needed to better understand these values, beliefs, and perspectives, to take
action to prevent the future spread of this disease or to respond to its
spread. It is not only human beings that become the focus of COVID-19 efforts,
but those who use animals for scientific purposes and create tools which are
suitable for the scientific purposes [13] . One of the primary objectives of
COVID-19 is to spread the disease through international trade and travel,
thereby creating a situation that can produce global threats, such as the one
now facing global public health. In support of this, the WHO Collaborating
Center has proposed a global system that is in place to stop the spread of
SARS-corona virus. In this system, a global governance framework was
established whereby WHO and other international governing bodies, such as the
World Bank, the United Nation Security Council (UNSC) and the World Health
Organization, will review the global situation and decide to act to stop the
current spread of the disease worldwide. The global system will then be led by
WHO, with the World Bank, National Institutes of Health and other leading
national government organizations, serving as the international coordination
point. In this system, the World Bank and WHO are partners, representing global
public interests, in all of the following three actions. Firstly, the World
Bank and various national government agencies will create and assess global
standards and regulations to ensure they meet the global consensus [20, 21] .
Secondly, national governments will create and review guidelines and protocols
that provide guidance for the implementation of international agreements and
global standards [21] [22] [23] [24] [25] [26] [27] , and thirdly, the World
Bank and the World Organization for Animal Health (OIE) will set and implement
a global plan to protect human and animal health according to international
values, which includes monitoring and evaluation of the effectiveness of
national and international policies, and developing strategies aimed at helping
countries

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 2                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A: The WHO prepared an ethical framework on global health and development, but
its relevance in addressing specific issues does not extend to all problems,
including those of global public health. The WHO recommends a multidisciplinary
approach that integrates all parts of public and human health [1]. A case study
of global public health in recent years has highlighted the importance of
multidisciplinary collaborations and collaborative approach, such as a WHO
Collaborative for Emerging Viral Diseases (WHO-CED) and the World Bank-World
Health Organization Collaborative for Global Health [2]. One of the major
benefits of this approach is that it provides global public health experts with
an opportunity to contribute to global public health initiatives that do not
exclusively target diseases affecting humans. It also suggests that the global
health community is now willing to take a more flexible approach compared to
the pathogen approach promoted by the World Health Organization. One of
COVID-19's key global public health problems is how to manage risk and limit
its impact. While the WHO recommended that governments should consider all
aspects of global public health, this is not a universally applicable
recommendation for other global public health problems. This case study
presents some of the reasons why the WHO-CED and World Bank-World Health
Organization Collaborative have not adopted these recommendations and how this
may be explained on the basis of different ethical and conceptual
understandings [3]. A case study is an application of the same body of theory
as the other sciences, in which the same researcher constructs an analytical
approach which leads to an explicit theoretical explanation. Generally, the
case analysis is a descriptive presentation of the evidence. Sometimes, it may
lead to the conclusion that there is little evidence for the presence of some
proposed agents, while other proposed agents may have the presence but have not
yet been observed. It is also the application to which the investigator has
dedicated his or her time and effort. While the case analysis uses the theory
and the conclusions drawn in the paper are likely to be the foundation for a
theory, if they are not directly connected to the theory, then they are not
necessarily in the theory at all. The use of the term "case study" to describe
a formal methodology approach to theory development indicates the application
to the theory as well as furthering the theory development process. The term
"case study" also involves the theory as well as the results of the study,
which is why it is important to take all these aspects into account. One of the
main issues in this regard is that the methods used in a case study may not. A:
The WHO prepared an ethical framework on global health and development, but its
relevance in addressing specific issues does not extend to all problems,
including those of global public health. The WHO recommends a multidisciplinary
approach that integrates all parts of public and human health [1] . A case
study of global public health in recent years has highlighted the importance of
multidisciplinary collaborations and collaborative approach, such as a WHO
Collaborative for Emerging Viral Diseases (WHO-CED) and the World Bank-World
Health Organization Collaborative for Global Health [2] . One of the major
benefits of this approach is that it provides global public health experts with
an opportunity to contribute to global public health initiatives that do not
exclusively target diseases affecting humans. It also suggests that the global
health community is now willing to take a more flexible approach compared to
the pathogen approach promoted by the World Health Organization. One of
COVID-19's key global public health problems is how to manage risk and limit
its impact. While the WHO recommended that governments should consider all
aspects of global public health, this is not a universally applicable
recommendation for other global public health problems. This case study
presents some of the reasons why the WHO-CED and World Bank-World Health
Organization Collaborative have not adopted these recommendations and how this
may be explained on the basis of different ethical and conceptual
understandings [3] . A case study is an application of the same body of theory
as the other sciences, in which the same researcher constructs an analytical
approach which leads to an explicit theoretical explanation. Generally, the
case analysis is a descriptive presentation of the evidence. Sometimes, it may
lead to the conclusion that there is little evidence for the presence of some
proposed agents, while other proposed agents may have the presence but have not
yet been observed. It is also the application to which the investigator has
dedicated his or her time and effort. While the case analysis uses the theory
and the conclusions drawn in the paper are likely to be the foundation for a
theory, if they are not directly connected to the theory, then they are not
necessarily in the theory at all. The use of the term "case study" to describe
a formal methodology approach to theory development indicates the application
to the theory as well as furthering the theory development process. The term
"case study" also involves the theory as well as the results of the study,
which is why it is important to take all these aspects into account. One of the
main issues in this regard is that the methods used in a case study may not

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 3                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Not much has been published and, as a result, the research has largely been
neglected or ignored. The lack of social and ethical considerations behind
health care workers' participation in the response to COVID-19 and other global
health crises of the 21 st century has been described [3, 4]. Additionally, the
ethical and sociocultural context that determines ethical decision-making is a
neglected and often unackstanded challenge in global health research and public
health practice. This paper presents a review of the existing literature to
identify and/or to respond to the major ethical issues facing health careers
during COVID-19, and their relationships to other people and places, both in
the West, Middle East, Africa, and Asia. This material is collected from the
pre-publication pre-publication and post-publication phases, and is also
summarized for historical context (see Additional File 1). The ethical context
of health care workers' participation in response to COVID-19 is limited to
recent outbreaks of infectious diseases, as well as to specific crises of the
global health environment, such as the recent Ebola outbreak in South west
Africa. The World Health Organization and the Global Health security network
have published guidance for establishing and operating an ethical framework for
health workers' participation in response to such crises [5]. The Global Health
Security Working Group [6] proposed a set of principles and procedures to guide
health care workers' ethical decision-making in response to security crises
[7]. These principles and procedures are also supported by other international
policy agencies [8] [9] [10] , and the Humanitarian Toolkit [11] includes
recommendations for improving ethical and financial informed decision-making in
response to disasters, such as disasters of international concern (COVID-19:
May 2015) [12, 13, 14]. There is a lack of agreement about how to apply these
principles in health care workers' ethical decision-making. A global policy
consensus on the ethical context is generally lacking, even within the health
sector. Several organizations have published guidance for applying ethical
contextual and ethical decision-making to health care workers' work, but many
remain unclear about how and how to apply existing ethical frameworks [15, 16].
Several key ethical questions and their methods have been identified. The most
important ethical questions to address are, "How should I act in the social
context in which I encounter people, places, and things?"; "How would I act if
I had a different experience of these events?"; and ". Not much has been
published and, as a result, the research has largely been neglected or ignored.
The lack of social and ethical considerations behind health care workers'
participation in the response to COVID-19 and other global health crises of the
21 st century has been described [3, 4] . Additionally, the ethical and
sociocultural context that determines ethical decision-making is a neglected
and often unackstanded challenge in global health research and public health
practice. This paper presents a review of the existing literature to identify
and/or to respond to the major ethical issues facing health careers during
COVID-19, and their relationships to other people and places, both in the West,
Middle East, Africa, and Asia. This material is collected from the
pre-publication pre-publication and post-publication phases, and is also
summarized for historical context (see Additional File 1). The ethical context
of health care workers' participation in response to COVID-19 is limited to
recent outbreaks of infectious diseases, as well as to specific crises of the
global health environment, such as the recent Ebola outbreak in South west
Africa. The World Health Organization and the Global Health security network
have published guidance for establishing and operating an ethical framework for
health workers' participation in response to such crises [5] . The Global
Health Security Working Group [6] proposed a set of principles and procedures
to guide health care workers' ethical decision-making in response to security
crises [7] . These principles and procedures are also supported by other
international policy agencies [8] [9] [10] , and the Humanitarian Toolkit [11]
includes recommendations for improving ethical and financial informed
decision-making in response to disasters, such as disasters of international
concern (COVID-19: May 2015) [12, 13, 14] . There is a lack of agreement about
how to apply these principles in health care workers' ethical decision-making.
A global policy consensus on the ethical context is generally lacking, even
within the health sector. Several organizations have published guidance for
applying ethical contextual and ethical decision-making to health care workers'
work, but many remain unclear about how and how to apply existing ethical
frameworks [15, 16] . Several key ethical questions and their methods have been
identified. The most important ethical questions to address are, "How should I
act in the social context in which I encounter people, places, and things? ";
"How would I act if I had a different experience of these events? "; and "? Not
much has been published and, as a result, the research has largely been
neglected or ignored. The lack of social and ethical considerations behind
health care workers' participation in the response to COVID-19 and other global
health crises of the 21 st century has been described [3, 4] . Additionally,
the ethical and sociocultural context that determines ethical decision-making
is a neglected and often unackstanded challenge in global health research and
public health practice. This paper presents a review of the existing literature
to identify and/or to respond to the major ethical issues facing health careers
during COVID-19, and their relationships to other people and places, both in
the West, Middle East, Africa, and Asia. This material is collected from the
pre-publication pre-publication and post-publication phases, and is also
summarized for historical context (see Additional File 1). The ethical context
of health care workers' participation in response to COVID-19 is limited to
recent outbreaks of infectious diseases, as well as to specific crises of the
global health environment, such as the recent Ebola outbreak in South west
Africa. The World Health Organization and the Global Health security network
have published guidance for establishing and operating an ethical framework for
health workers' participation in response to such crises [5] . The Global
Health Security Working Group [6] proposed a set of principles and procedures
to guide health care workers' ethical decision-making in response to security
crises [7] . These principles and procedures are also supported by other
international policy agencies [8] [9] [10] , and the Humanitarian Toolkit [11]
includes recommendations for improving ethical and financial informed
decision-making in response to disasters, such as disasters of international
concern (COVID-19: May 2015) [12, 13, 14] . There is a lack of agreement about
how to apply these principles in health care workers' ethical decision-making.
A global policy consensus on the ethical context is generally lacking, even
within the health sector. Several organizations have published guidance for
applying ethical contextual and ethical decision-making to health care workers'
work, but many remain unclear about how and how to apply existing ethical
frameworks [15, 16] . Several key ethical questions and their methods have been
identified. The most important ethical questions to address are, "How should I
act in the social context in which I encounter people, places, and things?";
"How would I act if I had a different experience of these events?"; and "

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 4                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The French government declared a public health emergency on February 16, 2016
and sent out an emergency alert, in order to allow the rapid international
reaction. After that it was declared to be a war on drugs on April 7th (a day
before the date of the alert), after the President of the Republic decided on
an emergency mobilization. As a part of this mobilization, the President of the
Republic had declared that there would be a new World Day against the
development, financing and use of drugs and against the use of chemicals in
public markets. We, the author(s), an ethical and political philosopher and
former President of the National Institute of Infectious Diseases (INSD), who
worked for 15 years in France, wrote and distributed an international brief on
the ethical issues of COVID-19 with the objective of alerting international
actors to the global situation. This brief is available to the public through
the web-based interactive journal Journal Global Ethics [1]. One of the issues
we addressed was the regulation of the emergency preparedness, that is, the
coordination of all efforts to prepare for an event of international concern.
What is needed is a global framework (a consensus document) for public health
action. Our objective was to provide an overview, rather than to offer specific
advice, about the ethical principles guiding the emergency measures of global
health. An international consensus document on the ethical principles of
emergency response was the objective of this paper. This document was compiled
from the research of several experts who have long lived and worked in
countries with and without public health emergencies [2]. We searched the Web
of Science among the scientific literature, for articles published between 1991
and 2016 to produce a consensus document about emergency preparedness. This
consensus document was compiled using five articles, which, according to the
Journal Global Ethics, constituted a good sample of ethical theory. We also
considered articles published after 2016, and all reviews published between
1984 and 2017. Review articles were searched with the objective of determining
whether the consensus document on emergency preparedness was still applicable
to today's crises. A summary of the ethical principles underlying the emergency
measures of global health was then compiled to build on the document in our
previous paper [1] and in a further paper [6] entitled "The ethical
implications of the proposed emergency plan for global health. " We also
reviewed the ethical issues that motivated the adoption of emergency
preparedness in the past and, in particular, the ethical perspectives that have
changed regarding emergency preparedness in the last 20 years. The last section
outlined the most important issues. The French government declared a public
health emergency on February 16, 2016 and sent out an emergency alert, in order
to allow the rapid international reaction. After that it was declared to be a
war on drugs on April 7th (a day before the date of the alert), after the
President of the Republic decided on an emergency mobilization. As a part of
this mobilization, the President of the Republic had declared that there would
be a new World Day against the development, financing and use of drugs and
against the use of chemicals in public markets. We, the author(s), an ethical
and political philosopher and former President of the National Institute of
Infectious Diseases (INSD), who worked for 15 years in France, wrote and
distributed an international brief on the ethical issues of COVID-19 with the
objective of alerting international actors to the global situation. This brief
is available to the public through the web-based interactive journal Journal
Global Ethics [1] . One of the issues we addressed was the regulation of the
emergency preparedness, that is, the coordination of all efforts to prepare for
an event of international concern. What is needed is a global framework (a
consensus document) for public health action. Our objective was to provide an
overview, rather than to offer specific advice, about the ethical principles
guiding the emergency measures of global health. An international consensus
document on the ethical principles of emergency response was the objective of
this paper. This document was compiled from the research of several experts who
have long lived and worked in countries with and without public health
emergencies [2] . We searched the Web of Science among the scientific
literature, for articles published between 1991 and 2016 to produce a consensus
document about emergency preparedness. This consensus document was compiled
using five articles, which, according to the Journal Global Ethics, constituted
a good sample of ethical theory. We also considered articles published after
2016, and all reviews published between 1984 and 2017. Review articles were
searched with the objective of determining whether the consensus document on
emergency preparedness was still applicable to today's crises. A summary of the
ethical principles underlying the emergency measures of global health was then
compiled to build on the document in our previous paper [1] and in a further
paper [6] entitled "The ethical implications of the proposed emergency plan for
global health." We also reviewed the ethical issues that motivated the adoption
of emergency preparedness in the past and, in particular, the ethical
perspectives that have changed regarding emergency preparedness in the last 20
years. The last section outlined the most important issues
