-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| QUESTION                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What do we know about virus genetics, origin, and evolution of COVID-19?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 0                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We know that the H2N2 strain, which circulated in swine farms in the 1980's,
first became prevalent in humans in the early 1990s, through circulation of
H1N1 viruses in humans, and became an emerging pandemic disease (Huttenhain et
al. , 2006) (Figure 2). H2N2 swine influenza infections are associated with
increased severity and morbidity in human patients and increase the risk of
death (Dominguez-Ló pez et al. , 2003; Shrestia et al. , 2005; Dehkareva et al.
, 2003; Salisbury et al. , 2005) (Figure 6). In order to predict the future of
viruses in the human population (Patel et al. , 2017) , a series of studies
using large pools of RNA viruses with high genetic diversity, which allow for
the simultaneous detection of genetic variations in multiple genes, are
essential. However, to date, RNA viruses from a given species or even from the
same species have not been sequenced and have not been characterized in their
full genomes. As a result, it is not possible to predict the future of viral
diversity based on their potential for infecting and spreading of humans. To
better understand and predict the potential evolution and emergence of viruses,
a new method for estimating the genetic variation of viruses has been
introduced. This method uses a virus nucleotide profile to predict the
potential evolution, the potential transmission, and the spread (Chakraborty et
al. , 2008). Using this method, a broad evolutionary spectrum of RNA viruses is
identified and viruses that can infect the human host are predicted to spread
quickly in the human population, while viruses that can not infect the host,
such as single-stranded RNA viruses, are not evolving and are not likely to
spread efficiently in humans. In general, the virus nucleotide sequence
information from many different viruses is fragmented and not fully separated
into its corresponding genomic regions. However, because RNA viruses are the
main agents used to infect humans, it is important to capture an overview of
the nucleotide structure in the virus genome (Figure 3). To provide a
comprehensive understanding of viral nucleotide diversity, it is essential to
sequence the nucleotide sequences of many different viruses, as well as to
describe the molecular features that enable these viruses to be transmitted
horizontally, or be transmitted vertically (Dominguez-Diaz et al. , 2010). Due
to this, we have performed the sequencing of different virus genomes in
different species to understand the nucleotide diversity. We know that the H2N2
strain, which circulated in swine farms in the 1980's, first became prevalent
in humans in the early 1990s, through circulation of H1N1 viruses in humans,
and became an emerging pandemic disease (Huttenhain et al., 2006) (Figure 2) .
H2N2 swine influenza infections are associated with increased severity and
morbidity in human patients and increase the risk of death (Dominguez-Ló pez et
al., 2003; Shrestia et al., 2005; Dehkareva et al., 2003; Salisbury et al.,
2005) (Figure 6) . In order to predict the future of viruses in the human
population (Patel et al., 2017) , a series of studies using large pools of RNA
viruses with high genetic diversity, which allow for the simultaneous detection
of genetic variations in multiple genes, are essential. However, to date, RNA
viruses from a given species or even from the same species have not been
sequenced and have not been characterized in their full genomes. As a result,
it is not possible to predict the future of viral diversity based on their
potential for infecting and spreading of humans. To better understand and
predict the potential evolution and emergence of viruses, a new method for
estimating the genetic variation of viruses has been introduced. This method
uses a virus nucleotide profile to predict the potential evolution, the
potential transmission, and the spread (Chakraborty et al., 2008) . Using this
method, a broad evolutionary spectrum of RNA viruses is identified and viruses
that can infect the human host are predicted to spread quickly in the human
population, while viruses that can not infect the host, such as single-stranded
RNA viruses, are not evolving and are not likely to spread efficiently in
humans. In general, the virus nucleotide sequence information from many
different viruses is fragmented and not fully separated into its corresponding
genomic regions. However, because RNA viruses are the main agents used to
infect humans, it is important to capture an overview of the nucleotide
structure in the virus genome (Figure 3) . To provide a comprehensive
understanding of viral nucleotide diversity, it is essential to sequence the
nucleotide sequences of many different viruses, as well as to describe the
molecular features that enable these viruses to be transmitted horizontally, or
be transmitted vertically (Dominguez-Diaz et al., 2010) . Due to this, we have
performed the sequencing of different virus genomes in different species to
understand the nucleotide diversity

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 1                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

There is very little known about the genetic diversity of virus strains
circulating among humans and animals, and little is known about the ecology of
the virus in its natural host. In this review, we summarize the current
knowledge surrounding virus ecology in birds and mammals and provide an
overview of the virus's population dynamics. We summarize the information
regarding virus genomic and immunological properties, as well as the potential
bioproliferation of virus populations. The most widespread virus in nature is
rabies virus (RABV), also known as rabies vole. RABV first was described in
England in 1892 [1]. The virus is an Orthoreovirus and is classified as a
member of the order Mononegavirales. It is the main cause of rabid animals in
some parts of Europe, Africa, Asia, and North America [2]. It is estimated that
6 million rabid animals were killed by 1892 to 1975 [3] , with 30 million human
deaths from rabies deaths due to rabies-related illnesses [4]. The virus was
first isolated from rats imported to the United States in 1926. Subsequently,
rats from India and New York were reported in both continents as sources and
source-by port of infection [5] [6] [7] [8]. In New York, the city had an
annual average death rate of 50% between 1917 to 1931 for rabid dogs that were
rabid and then spread to other cities [9]. In addition, bats were also
implicated as sources of direct rabies transmission [10]. In 1930, bats from
North America (excluding bats from New York) and South America were shown to be
the sources of both rabies transmission and direct transmission [8, 11]. In New
York and other large urban cities, bats were increasingly identified to have
the capacity to transmit and spread rabies to humans, especially during rabies
epidemics. In the 1940s and 1950s, bats were suspected of spreading rabies via
direct biting into humans, particularly during the summer and autumn in North
America during the summer and early fall in Southern cities. Additionally, the
bats were shown to transmit rabies via the saliva for up to 60 days in some
studies [12, 13]. This led the World Health Organization in 1961 to declare the
bats as the definitive source of direct rabies transmission by bats [14]
(Figure 1). As an emerging infectious agent from small numbers of bats, rabies
is a significant threat to wildlife, man, and domestic animals. . There is very
little known about the genetic diversity of virus strains circulating among
humans and animals, and little is known about the ecology of the virus in its
natural host. In this review, we summarize the current knowledge surrounding
virus ecology in birds and mammals and provide an overview of the virus's
population dynamics. We summarize the information regarding virus genomic and
immunological properties, as well as the potential bioproliferation of virus
populations. The most widespread virus in nature is rabies virus (RABV), also
known as rabies vole. RABV first was described in England in 1892 [1] . The
virus is an Orthoreovirus and is classified as a member of the order
Mononegavirales. It is the main cause of rabid animals in some parts of Europe,
Africa, Asia, and North America [2] . It is estimated that 6 million rabid
animals were killed by 1892 to 1975 [3] , with 30 million human deaths from
rabies deaths due to rabies-related illnesses [4] . The virus was first
isolated from rats imported to the United States in 1926. Subsequently, rats
from India and New York were reported in both continents as sources and
source-by port of infection [5] [6] [7] [8] . In New York, the city had an
annual average death rate of 50% between 1917 to 1931 for rabid dogs that were
rabid and then spread to other cities [9] . In addition, bats were also
implicated as sources of direct rabies transmission [10] . In 1930, bats from
North America (excluding bats from New York) and South America were shown to be
the sources of both rabies transmission and direct transmission [8, 11] . In
New York and other large urban cities, bats were increasingly identified to
have the capacity to transmit and spread rabies to humans, especially during
rabies epidemics. In the 1940s and 1950s, bats were suspected of spreading
rabies via direct biting into humans, particularly during the summer and autumn
in North America during the summer and early fall in Southern cities.
Additionally, the bats were shown to transmit rabies via the saliva for up to
60 days in some studies [12, 13] . This led the World Health Organization in
1961 to declare the bats as the definitive source of direct rabies transmission
by bats [14] (Figure 1) . As an emerging infectious agent from small numbers of
bats, rabies is a significant threat to wildlife, man, and domestic animals.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 2                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

None to suggest that the majority, if not all, of these events occurred in
humans, and that host immune response could not provide a protective response
in the majority of cases. Indeed, several lines of evidence suggest that many,
if not most, viral strains contained multiple genes, some of which we have
sequenced or characterized recently. For example, we and others have isolated
several strains from humans carrying multiple human interrelated genes [9, 12,
51, 52] and shown that these sequences are common and most related to each
other [53, 54, 55]. Notably, however, none of the individual genes (except for
those identified as such as CD26 or CD45RA) seems to be associated with
specific virulence. For instance, we have published data suggesting that a
number of the individual genes identified as being on the basis of sequence or
biological properties are related to the same genome sequence [48]. Although it
seems likely that at least a few human sequences from different sources exist
within one virus genome sequence, it is also an attractive possibility that
this may not be the case. For example, even when we compare the complete
genomes and all the viral and host sequences are aligned, it may become
difficult to determine the exact position of every gene. We have demonstrated
previously that this is often the case with many of the individual sequences of
the COX-19 isolate collected from humans [9, 15, 28] and animals [12] and that
our analysis of all the viral and host sequences from all the animals studied
are not sufficient for this task. For example, we identified two putative
'core' genes in the viral genome that are not covered in any of the virus
strains used in our studies [9, 15]. In the latter case it is not possible to
determine at the very low level the location of these two putative core genes
precisely. An additional putative 'core' gene from a second virus strain that
is not covered in any of the viruses used is also identified elsewhere in the
genome, and this is one of the major reasons that it is not possible to discern
in human, animal and animal groups the exact location of this putative core
gene location. In addition, we identified several viral proteins that seem to
be conserved, such as the nucleoprotein proteins, the spike proteins, and a
small protein encoded in the genome to the genome of another human isolate
collected from a mouse model [28] which was not analyzed here. In all the
animal isolates and the entire virus genome, however, this put. None to suggest
that the majority, if not all, of these events occurred in humans, and that
host immune response could not provide a protective response in the majority of
cases. Indeed, several lines of evidence suggest that many, if not most, viral
strains contained multiple genes, some of which we have sequenced or
characterized recently. For example, we and others have isolated several
strains from humans carrying multiple human interrelated genes [9, 12, 51, 52]
and shown that these sequences are common and most related to each other [53,
54, 55] . Notably, however, none of the individual genes (except for those
identified as such as CD26 or CD45RA) seems to be associated with specific
virulence. For instance, we have published data suggesting that a number of the
individual genes identified as being on the basis of sequence or biological
properties are related to the same genome sequence [48] . Although it seems
likely that at least a few human sequences from different sources exist within
one virus genome sequence, it is also an attractive possibility that this may
not be the case. For example, even when we compare the complete genomes and all
the viral and host sequences are aligned, it may become difficult to determine
the exact position of every gene. We have demonstrated previously that this is
often the case with many of the individual sequences of the COX-19 isolate
collected from humans [9, 15, 28] and animals [12] and that our analysis of all
the viral and host sequences from all the animals studied are not sufficient
for this task. For example, we identified two putative 'core' genes in the
viral genome that are not covered in any of the virus strains used in our
studies [9, 15] . In the latter case it is not possible to determine at the
very low level the location of these two putative core genes precisely. An
additional putative 'core' gene from a second virus strain that is not covered
in any of the viruses used is also identified elsewhere in the genome, and this
is one of the major reasons that it is not possible to discern in human, animal
and animal groups the exact location of this putative core gene location. In
addition, we identified several viral proteins that seem to be conserved, such
as the nucleoprotein proteins, the spike proteins, and a small protein encoded
in the genome to the genome of another human isolate collected from a mouse
model [28] which was not analyzed here. In all the animal isolates and the
entire virus genome, however, this put

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 3                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The present study assessed the full genome sequence of all five coronaviruses
and the related bafiniviruses to explore the virus diversity in wild and
domestic birds in a Brazilian locality. The virus diversity was clearly
correlated with the environmental conditions and to the genetic properties of
the sequences. The study also indicates the first conservation of the virus
sequences of all five coronaviruses from this site. The species studied was a
broad range of domesticated animals (Table 1 ). Wild birds represented 40. 9 %
of the samples in which the viruses were detected, whereas domestic birds were
only 1. 86 %. To date, the only birds detected in Brazil were cork swabs, and a
few samples tested positive for bafinivirus (data not shown). A total of 13. 4
% of the samples were positive for bafinivirus. For field samples, 14. 4 % were
positive for one or more viruses. In conclusion, we did not detect a
significant viral diversity pattern or species specificity differences among
the samples and bird species. Incorporation of the four bafiniviruses (Table 2
) into the complete genomes of the other viruses (Table 1 ) showed that one or
more viruses were present in all four isolates at the indicated genotypes. The
virus sequences of two isolates with identical genotype (one with full genome
and the other with partial replicase genes) belonged to Bnab virus in the
species Chamaegui caco, Chamaegui caco caco and Vona caco (Figure 2 ). In
addition, the phylogenetic analysis showed that all the viruses and the
corresponding GenBank accession numbers were most closely related to the
respective genotype of Bnab virus (Table 2 ). The same viral and corresponding
GenBank accession numbers were present in all four isolates (Table 1 ).
However, a clear separation of the viruses was evident (Figure 3) because of
differences in the sequence of the S1 ORF or the N gene sequences between the
isolates analyzed here. This may, at least in part, be attributed to the
difference in virulence between the isolates analysed here and Bnab in other
species (Vona caco and Vona caco, both in the genus Scutellia, and Chamaegui
caco and Vona caco, the two genera Epulirostulcus and Gompertulcus). The virus
sequences obtained here are therefore likely to be of the same. The present
study assessed the full genome sequence of all five coronaviruses and the
related bafiniviruses to explore the virus diversity in wild and domestic birds
in a Brazilian locality. The virus diversity was clearly correlated with the
environmental conditions and to the genetic properties of the sequences. The
study also indicates the first conservation of the virus sequences of all five
coronaviruses from this site. The species studied was a broad range of
domesticated animals (Table 1 ). Wild birds represented 40.9 % of the samples
in which the viruses were detected, whereas domestic birds were only 1.86 %. To
date, the only birds detected in Brazil were cork swabs, and a few samples
tested positive for bafinivirus (data not shown). A total of 13.4 % of the
samples were positive for bafinivirus. For field samples, 14.4 % were positive
for one or more viruses. In conclusion, we did not detect a significant viral
diversity pattern or species specificity differences among the samples and bird
species. Incorporation of the four bafiniviruses (Table 2 ) into the complete
genomes of the other viruses (Table 1 ) showed that one or more viruses were
present in all four isolates at the indicated genotypes. The virus sequences of
two isolates with identical genotype (one with full genome and the other with
partial replicase genes) belonged to Bnab virus in the species Chamaegui caco,
Chamaegui caco caco and Vona caco (Figure 2 ). In addition, the phylogenetic
analysis showed that all the viruses and the corresponding GenBank accession
numbers were most closely related to the respective genotype of Bnab virus
(Table 2 ). The same viral and corresponding GenBank accession numbers were
present in all four isolates (Table 1 ). However, a clear separation of the
viruses was evident (Figure 3) because of differences in the sequence of the S1
ORF or the N gene sequences between the isolates analyzed here. This may, at
least in part, be attributed to the difference in virulence between the
isolates analysed here and Bnab in other species (Vona caco and Vona caco, both
in the genus Scutellia, and Chamaegui caco and Vona caco, the two genera
Epulirostulcus and Gompertulcus). The virus sequences obtained here are
therefore likely to be of the same

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 4                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In 2006, the first report of human viral respiratory syncytial virus (HRSV)
cases on record was published by the Norwegian MHCI laboratory [2]. Subsequent
to this, it was found that a new virus, named human acute respiratory syndrome
coronavirus (HARSCoV), was found in the bloodstream in a few individuals with
febrile, nonspecific respiratory symptoms who were treated in a hospital
hospital hospital in Oslo, Norway [3]. This new virus was subsequently
identified as a novel coronavirus causing a coronavirus disease named "narrow
spectrum" influenza like illness (NEL I). A report published by the Norwegian
MHCI laboratory demonstrated that NEL I virus, as another virus, was
transmitted from person to person, probably through the action of a blood
transfusion. The study demonstrated that virus circulation was not uniformed. A
study published by the Norwegian MHCI center in September 2008 demonstrated
that the NEL I virus was the only serotype not causing illness in hospitalized
patients presenting with chest pain, fever, malaise, malaise, miosis,
respiratory distress, abdominal pain and diarrhea [4]. Since 2006, NEL I virus
circulation was confirmed repeatedly in patients presenting with respiratory
symptoms and no other clinical abnormalities, but none of the patients' medical
records from the hospital or hospital ward where the virus was found were
available [5]. A report published in October 2010 by the Norwegian MHCI center
has shown that the prevalence of NEL I virus is around 5% among patients with
influenza-like syndrome with influenza-like symptoms. However, a study reported
by the MHCI center also stated that the disease was not found in all hospitals.
This infection was linked both to lack of adequate disinfection and to
increased human mobility during the pandemic. The most recent confirmation of
NEL I by a research group in February 2018 suggests that the virus is
circulating in an epidemic setting [6]. A study published by this group found
that there were no signs of NEL I infection in patients admitted to health
facilities where there was no environmental or personal protective equipment.
Another study published by the same research group also showed that the
prevalence of NEL I was around 4% among the medical staff, but this study did
not detect viruses with an RT-PCR prevalence of ≥ 20%. Even though these
studies provided evidence for the presence of NEL I viruses in
healthcare-associated disease (HA-MDD), no studies. In 2006, the first report
of human viral respiratory syncytial virus (HRSV) cases on record was published
by the Norwegian MHCI laboratory [2] . Subsequent to this, it was found that a
new virus, named human acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus (HARSCoV), was
found in the bloodstream in a few individuals with febrile, nonspecific
respiratory symptoms who were treated in a hospital hospital hospital in Oslo,
Norway [3] . This new virus was subsequently identified as a novel coronavirus
causing a coronavirus disease named "narrow spectrum" influenza like illness
(NEL I). A report published by the Norwegian MHCI laboratory demonstrated that
NEL I virus, as another virus, was transmitted from person to person, probably
through the action of a blood transfusion. The study demonstrated that virus
circulation was not uniformed. A study published by the Norwegian MHCI center
in September 2008 demonstrated that the NEL I virus was the only serotype not
causing illness in hospitalized patients presenting with chest pain, fever,
malaise, malaise, miosis, respiratory distress, abdominal pain and diarrhea [4]
. Since 2006, NEL I virus circulation was confirmed repeatedly in patients
presenting with respiratory symptoms and no other clinical abnormalities, but
none of the patients' medical records from the hospital or hospital ward where
the virus was found were available [5] . A report published in October 2010 by
the Norwegian MHCI center has shown that the prevalence of NEL I virus is
around 5% among patients with influenza-like syndrome with influenza-like
symptoms. However, a study reported by the MHCI center also stated that the
disease was not found in all hospitals. This infection was linked both to lack
of adequate disinfection and to increased human mobility during the pandemic.
The most recent confirmation of NEL I by a research group in February 2018
suggests that the virus is circulating in an epidemic setting [6] . A study
published by this group found that there were no signs of NEL I infection in
patients admitted to health facilities where there was no environmental or
personal protective equipment. Another study published by the same research
group also showed that the prevalence of NEL I was around 4% among the medical
staff, but this study did not detect viruses with an RT-PCR prevalence of ≥
20%. Even though these studies provided evidence for the presence of NEL I
viruses in healthcare-associated disease (HA-MDD), no studies
