-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| QUESTION                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What do we know about vaccines and therapeutics of COVID-19?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 0                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We know that prophylaxis requires long-term support of therapy, a major burden,
which is often associated with high risk as well as high cost. Therefore, it is
very important to choose the right drug. With this in mind, we present evidence
that drugs that inhibit pro-inflammatory responses (e. g. , IL-6) have the
potential to inhibit COVID-19 infection and viral replication in nonhuman
primates after administration up to 12 days following infection. A key
pro-inflammatory role has been identified in influenza infection [36] and
SARS-corona infection [7]. Since prophylaxis requires a long time for
development, it is important to be aware of drug resistance to antibiotics. In
order to ensure that the use of antivirals that target inflammatory responses
and/or other important aspects of human pathology for viral infections, it is
therefore important to screen antivirals and prophylactics, as well as
anti-viral drugs, for their capacity to inhibit viral replication in primary
human cell cultures. Because of their critical role in viral pathogenesis and
host defense against infections, several drugs have been developed against
COVID-19. Virulent strains of the virus have been isolated from natural or
artificially infected wild animals [1] [2] [3] [4] [5]. Virus-activated drugs
have been shown to inhibit viral replication by interfering with viral protein
and organelle synthesis [1]. Additionally, virus-stimulated STAT3 and STAT6
phosphorylation have been shown to inhibit viral replication (Figure 1 , Figure
1 , Figure 1 , Figure 1 , Figure 1 , and Table 1 ) [2]. Viral proteins have
also been shown to be able to affect viral replication directly: for example, a
non-structural protein ORF2, which is not required for viral replication, can
be upregulated in mouse lungs at different time points after infection [6].
Furthermore, it has been shown that influenza A and B viruses use distinct
signal pathways to interact to STAT3/STAT6 [39]. Together, these findings
provide a general picture of the ability of viruses to suppress host antiviral
drug repopulation and virus host defense: in the case of a viral-induced
pro-inflammatory response (e. g. , IFN and cytokines) it has been demonstrated
that IFN and cytokines can limit virus replication as well as inhibit viral
replication at the early steps of the viral life cycle [2, 4]. Additionally,
these findings indicate. We know that prophylaxis requires long-term support of
therapy, a major burden, which is often associated with high risk as well as
high cost. Therefore, it is very important to choose the right drug. With this
in mind, we present evidence that drugs that inhibit pro-inflammatory responses
(e.g., IL-6) have the potential to inhibit COVID-19 infection and viral
replication in nonhuman primates after administration up to 12 days following
infection. A key pro-inflammatory role has been identified in influenza
infection [36] and SARS-corona infection [7] . Since prophylaxis requires a
long time for development, it is important to be aware of drug resistance to
antibiotics. In order to ensure that the use of antivirals that target
inflammatory responses and/or other important aspects of human pathology for
viral infections, it is therefore important to screen antivirals and
prophylactics, as well as anti-viral drugs, for their capacity to inhibit viral
replication in primary human cell cultures. Because of their critical role in
viral pathogenesis and host defense against infections, several drugs have been
developed against COVID-19. Virulent strains of the virus have been isolated
from natural or artificially infected wild animals [1] [2] [3] [4] [5] .
Virus-activated drugs have been shown to inhibit viral replication by
interfering with viral protein and organelle synthesis [1] . Additionally,
virus-stimulated STAT3 and STAT6 phosphorylation have been shown to inhibit
viral replication (Figure 1 , Figure 1 , Figure 1 , Figure 1 , Figure 1 , and
Table 1 ) [2] . Viral proteins have also been shown to be able to affect viral
replication directly: for example, a non-structural protein ORF2, which is not
required for viral replication, can be upregulated in mouse lungs at different
time points after infection [6] . Furthermore, it has been shown that influenza
A and B viruses use distinct signal pathways to interact to STAT3/STAT6 [39] .
Together, these findings provide a general picture of the ability of viruses to
suppress host antiviral drug repopulation and virus host defense: in the case
of a viral-induced pro-inflammatory response (e.g., IFN and cytokines) it has
been demonstrated that IFN and cytokines can limit virus replication as well as
inhibit viral replication at the early steps of the viral life cycle [2, 4] .
Additionally, these findings indicate

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 1                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only few studies have tried to answer this question. The initial step is to
search for effective vaccines or therapeutics that can control the virus, a
task that may prove challenging due to the diverse nature of the virus. The
recent outbreak of influenza A/H1N1 is a prime illustration of this challenges.
We know that it is not as simple as a single dose for protection, yet the
vaccine market is still relying on vaccines for seasonal influenza and some
other pathogens [2, 13, 15]. The availability may be affected by the complexity
of the antigenic and/or physicochemical properties of the vaccine [1, 16, 17].
Additionally, the vaccine-producing strains may differ between the types of
influenza, resulting in a different target for vaccine development [18] [19]
[20] 24]. Another challenge is that of the need for different doses to be
effective. In influenza vaccines, the influenza A/H1N1 vaccine is often
recommended only once a year, in this context an annual vaccination strategy is
suggested. Yet, most strains of influenza are capable of being circulated
multiple times through the body, and the efficacy of annual vaccines is
affected by different rates and seasons. This has been described in other virus
infections such as measles and mumps [21, 25, 26]. A combination of vaccines
may be effective but would require different formulations and doses to achieve
the same antigenicity. This situation is further complicated by the fact that
several genes in the human genome could encode for different antigenic signals;
thus altering the design of the vaccine and the dose and interval of
administration. Another issue is that the immunogenicity of the vaccine depends
not only on the specific strain but also on the route through which it is
delivered to the host [19, 25, 24, 27]. A comprehensive approach to vaccine
design is needed to limit the emergence of new viruses from new sources. While
vaccines or vaccines against single agents have proved their efficacy [28] [29]
[30] , combined therapies that work on several target targets may not be the
best option [6] [7] [8]. For example, if therapy only inhibits viral
replication in cells, or inhibits virion assembly only in the presence of the
relevant protease, combined therapy may prove insufficient to protect against
the new infection. Another strategy is to use combination therapies, combining
drugs and/or vaccines to promote protection against multiple targets
simultaneously. This strategy is already used in the context of cancer, where
chemotherapy alone may be effective against the disease and/or. Only few
studies have tried to answer this question. The initial step is to search for
effective vaccines or therapeutics that can control the virus, a task that may
prove challenging due to the diverse nature of the virus. The recent outbreak
of influenza A/H1N1 is a prime illustration of this challenges. We know that it
is not as simple as a single dose for protection, yet the vaccine market is
still relying on vaccines for seasonal influenza and some other pathogens [2,
13, 15] . The availability may be affected by the complexity of the antigenic
and/or physicochemical properties of the vaccine [1, 16, 17] . Additionally,
the vaccine-producing strains may differ between the types of influenza,
resulting in a different target for vaccine development [18] [19] [20] 24] .
Another challenge is that of the need for different doses to be effective. In
influenza vaccines, the influenza A/H1N1 vaccine is often recommended only once
a year, in this context an annual vaccination strategy is suggested. Yet, most
strains of influenza are capable of being circulated multiple times through the
body, and the efficacy of annual vaccines is affected by different rates and
seasons. This has been described in other virus infections such as measles and
mumps [21, 25, 26] . A combination of vaccines may be effective but would
require different formulations and doses to achieve the same antigenicity. This
situation is further complicated by the fact that several genes in the human
genome could encode for different antigenic signals; thus altering the design
of the vaccine and the dose and interval of administration. Another issue is
that the immunogenicity of the vaccine depends not only on the specific strain
but also on the route through which it is delivered to the host [19, 25, 24,
27] . A comprehensive approach to vaccine design is needed to limit the
emergence of new viruses from new sources. While vaccines or vaccines against
single agents have proved their efficacy [28] [29] [30] , combined therapies
that work on several target targets may not be the best option [6] [7] [8] .
For example, if therapy only inhibits viral replication in cells, or inhibits
virion assembly only in the presence of the relevant protease, combined therapy
may prove insufficient to protect against the new infection. Another strategy
is to use combination therapies, combining drugs and/or vaccines to promote
protection against multiple targets simultaneously. This strategy is already
used in the context of cancer, where chemotherapy alone may be effective
against the disease and/or

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 2                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Quite a lot, it would seem, and there is reason for our knowledge to improve.
The idea of a vaccine against viral diseases has long been debated, and
vaccination has been largely controlled by the development of vaccines that are
effective at the time of application [1]. However, the recent increase in the
frequency and severity of human pathogens, such as SARS, influenza,
pneumococcal pneumonia and measles, raises the question of whether the efficacy
of these vaccines could be improved by the addition of other components. A
possible model for this would be that the development of an antibiotic against
a pathogen leads to an increase in the frequency of subsequent infection. The
development of an antibiotic against a pathogen would have the effect of
reducing the probability of disease and therefore, the need for other vaccines
and therapies [2]. The introduction of such a component could increase vaccine
efficacy against these infections [3]. The use of antibiotics can lead to drug
resistance and is strongly associated with longer infection [4]. Antibiotics
have long been considered an overuse and over-utilization of an antimicrobial
and hence the development of alternative therapies against infectious diseases
[5]. Many drugs used commercially are not very successful for treating
infectious diseases and their effectiveness is lower than it would be in the
presence of a drug. Similarly, the development of non-steroidal
anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) is considered to be a waste of efforts
because, after a number of months, a lower level of body fluid production is
observed than a higher level of body fluids or tissues [6]. In addition, while
many of the drugs are effective against infections, there is increasing
evidence of drug toxicity and no significant improvement in disease control [7]
[8] [9]. These are not to say that the treatment of infectious diseases has no
usefulness, but if these drugs are over-used or the number of new infections is
not low, the effectiveness may quickly plateau; thus reducing the chance of
success of treating the infectious diseases in the future. There are multiple
ways to reduce or enhance the efficacy of a vaccine or an antibiotic in the
future. Perhaps the development of a "pre-boost" (pre-vaccine) vaccine is the
first option, in which the vaccine is pre-or early in life, to combat an
infectious disease. We recently reported an approach to pre-boosting vaccines
to reduce the incidence of respiratory viruses, including the seasonal
influenza, and reduce the risk of pneumococcal pneumonia, although in contrast
to previous attempts to. Quite a lot, it would seem, and there is reason for
our knowledge to improve. The idea of a vaccine against viral diseases has long
been debated, and vaccination has been largely controlled by the development of
vaccines that are effective at the time of application [1] . However, the
recent increase in the frequency and severity of human pathogens, such as SARS,
influenza, pneumococcal pneumonia and measles, raises the question of whether
the efficacy of these vaccines could be improved by the addition of other
components. A possible model for this would be that the development of an
antibiotic against a pathogen leads to an increase in the frequency of
subsequent infection. The development of an antibiotic against a pathogen would
have the effect of reducing the probability of disease and therefore, the need
for other vaccines and therapies [2] . The introduction of such a component
could increase vaccine efficacy against these infections [3] . The use of
antibiotics can lead to drug resistance and is strongly associated with longer
infection [4] . Antibiotics have long been considered an overuse and
over-utilization of an antimicrobial and hence the development of alternative
therapies against infectious diseases [5] . Many drugs used commercially are
not very successful for treating infectious diseases and their effectiveness is
lower than it would be in the presence of a drug. Similarly, the development of
non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) is considered to be a waste of
efforts because, after a number of months, a lower level of body fluid
production is observed than a higher level of body fluids or tissues [6] . In
addition, while many of the drugs are effective against infections, there is
increasing evidence of drug toxicity and no significant improvement in disease
control [7] [8] [9] . These are not to say that the treatment of infectious
diseases has no usefulness, but if these drugs are over-used or the number of
new infections is not low, the effectiveness may quickly plateau; thus reducing
the chance of success of treating the infectious diseases in the future. There
are multiple ways to reduce or enhance the efficacy of a vaccine or an
antibiotic in the future. Perhaps the development of a "pre-boost"
(pre-vaccine) vaccine is the first option, in which the vaccine is pre-or early
in life, to combat an infectious disease. We recently reported an approach to
pre-boosting vaccines to reduce the incidence of respiratory viruses, including
the seasonal influenza, and reduce the risk of pneumococcal pneumonia, although
in contrast to previous attempts to

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 3                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We can find only scant clinical data about these therapeutics. A review that
took over four decades to complete suggested that many vaccines or antiviral
molecules have only short half-lives on their way to high effectiveness [5].
Furthermore, in several cases it was unclear as to the level of protection
conferred by the vaccine [2]. Our knowledge about drug repartition and
antiviral therapy is still far from being complete. In the case of the
antiviral drugs we study for this review, these drugs have been synthesized
extensively more than 50 years ago. Many antiviral drugs are still not fully
known to the extent as to their efficacy and safety profiles. While the vast
majority of studies and reviews are dealing with repurposed antibiotics and
vaccines, we know very little about the level of efficacy and safety profiles
of compounds repurposed from existing drugs and vaccines. Therefore, it is our
goal in this article to discuss the current literature and strategies used by
both the manufacturers and the regulatory authorities to keep these molecules
on the market. In addition to the antiviral drugs discussed earlier, we would
also like to briefly highlight other drugs whose current status is uncertain,
including drugs that may prove effective in animal models, but whose use is not
currently available in humans; drugs that may have been given to humans
previously but their use has not yet been approved; drugs that may have been
used but their current clinical trials have failed to meet the expected
criteria; and drugs with potential side effects that are considered
unacceptable in human studies [6]. An overview of the current literature is
provided in Table 1. The current review is not limited to drugs which are
currently approved for human use or have reached phase III clinical trials. We
also include a brief description of the evidence and perspectives for each of
the drugs that are currently undergoing human testing and the FDA application
for each potential drug repurposed from known drug repurposed vaccines or
antiviral drugs currently undergoing human testing. Finally, we discuss our
reasons for calling for a review or a new policy proposal. There are five
classes of drugs that are currently tested in human trials in order of relative
risk to benefit. Class A drugs and vaccines are the most widely used vaccines
and drugs currently undergoing Phase III clinical trials. In addition, class B
drugs are approved for clinical trials, although many of these are already in
use in some form or form. Class B drugs and vaccines are commonly referred to
using the names of the manufacturer/agent or name of the federal agency (Food
and Drug Administration, Medicines and Healthcare products Administration. We
can find only scant clinical data about these therapeutics. A review that took
over four decades to complete suggested that many vaccines or antiviral
molecules have only short half-lives on their way to high effectiveness [5] .
Furthermore, in several cases it was unclear as to the level of protection
conferred by the vaccine [2] . Our knowledge about drug repartition and
antiviral therapy is still far from being complete. In the case of the
antiviral drugs we study for this review, these drugs have been synthesized
extensively more than 50 years ago. Many antiviral drugs are still not fully
known to the extent as to their efficacy and safety profiles. While the vast
majority of studies and reviews are dealing with repurposed antibiotics and
vaccines, we know very little about the level of efficacy and safety profiles
of compounds repurposed from existing drugs and vaccines. Therefore, it is our
goal in this article to discuss the current literature and strategies used by
both the manufacturers and the regulatory authorities to keep these molecules
on the market. In addition to the antiviral drugs discussed earlier, we would
also like to briefly highlight other drugs whose current status is uncertain,
including drugs that may prove effective in animal models, but whose use is not
currently available in humans; drugs that may have been given to humans
previously but their use has not yet been approved; drugs that may have been
used but their current clinical trials have failed to meet the expected
criteria; and drugs with potential side effects that are considered
unacceptable in human studies [6] . An overview of the current literature is
provided in Table 1 . The current review is not limited to drugs which are
currently approved for human use or have reached phase III clinical trials. We
also include a brief description of the evidence and perspectives for each of
the drugs that are currently undergoing human testing and the FDA application
for each potential drug repurposed from known drug repurposed vaccines or
antiviral drugs currently undergoing human testing. Finally, we discuss our
reasons for calling for a review or a new policy proposal. There are five
classes of drugs that are currently tested in human trials in order of relative
risk to benefit. Class A drugs and vaccines are the most widely used vaccines
and drugs currently undergoing Phase III clinical trials. In addition, class B
drugs are approved for clinical trials, although many of these are already in
use in some form or form. Class B drugs and vaccines are commonly referred to
using the names of the manufacturer/agent or name of the federal agency (Food
and Drug Administration, Medicines and Healthcare products Administration

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 4                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

From the very first report of the epidemic, there have been multiple attempts
to develop vaccines and therapeutics for COVID-19. Vaccines are the first step
in controlling an epidemic. However, there are several hurdles to vaccine
development at the preclinical phase that are still present in the current
phase. Here are our top four vaccine candidates that are in preclinical
development and currently in clinical trials. As reported, several vaccines
have been tested as potential preventive tools against epidemic diseases [6].
As with other diseases, the development of vaccines for infections is not
always easy, especially during an epidemic. Vaccines are often difficult to
manufacture locally, especially since most infectious agents are naturally
present in many different geographical regions. Moreover, it is difficult to
establish an epidemiological or public health network or a large-scale, costly,
and potentially inefficient vaccine manufacturing system. There have been many
attempts to develop and test existing vaccines in humans, animal models, or
cultured cells to understand the effectiveness and potential safety of vaccines
in humans and animals. However, as with other diseases, it is also important to
remember what happens in real-world situations (Figure 3 ). If an infection is
transmitted within an infected person, it may also be passed between hosts by
means of direct contact through vectors in close vicinity. It was this type of
social transmission that spread the Ebola virus to Ebola virus-infected
Americans in the 1976-77 epidemic, spreading from infected human to human to
infect others. In this case, the virus did not need to be transmissible between
humans before it could spread and cause clinical death [5, 6]. Similarly, the
spread of an infectious disease by means of vectors may not require
transmission, but may require vectors to act as intermediate agents. It is
important to remember that the ability for infection is a critical factor,
since it will be the transmission that ultimately influences the outcome of the
infection. An example is the Ebola virus that was transmissible between humans
and animals, but the latter transmitted the disease and then died of the
disease [7, 8]. However, the latter example illustrates the difference in
transmission versus transmission of diseases. With respect to therapy of
infection, although therapy may be developed based upon the infection and
illness, it is also often difficult to establish effective, stable treatment
with minimal side effects [9, 10]. There have been many treatments tested but
not selected due to limited availability, safety data or lack of understanding
of the pathogen. A therapeutic agent may be effective for treating infection,
but may fail in treatment or may. From the very first report of the epidemic,
there have been multiple attempts to develop vaccines and therapeutics for
COVID-19. Vaccines are the first step in controlling an epidemic. However,
there are several hurdles to vaccine development at the preclinical phase that
are still present in the current phase. Here are our top four vaccine
candidates that are in preclinical development and currently in clinical
trials. As reported, several vaccines have been tested as potential preventive
tools against epidemic diseases [6] . As with other diseases, the development
of vaccines for infections is not always easy, especially during an epidemic.
Vaccines are often difficult to manufacture locally, especially since most
infectious agents are naturally present in many different geographical regions.
Moreover, it is difficult to establish an epidemiological or public health
network or a large-scale, costly, and potentially inefficient vaccine
manufacturing system. There have been many attempts to develop and test
existing vaccines in humans, animal models, or cultured cells to understand the
effectiveness and potential safety of vaccines in humans and animals. However,
as with other diseases, it is also important to remember what happens in
real-world situations (Figure 3 ). If an infection is transmitted within an
infected person, it may also be passed between hosts by means of direct contact
through vectors in close vicinity. It was this type of social transmission that
spread the Ebola virus to Ebola virus-infected Americans in the 1976-77
epidemic, spreading from infected human to human to infect others. In this
case, the virus did not need to be transmissible between humans before it could
spread and cause clinical death [5, 6] . Similarly, the spread of an infectious
disease by means of vectors may not require transmission, but may require
vectors to act as intermediate agents. It is important to remember that the
ability for infection is a critical factor, since it will be the transmission
that ultimately influences the outcome of the infection. An example is the
Ebola virus that was transmissible between humans and animals, but the latter
transmitted the disease and then died of the disease [7, 8] . However, the
latter example illustrates the difference in transmission versus transmission
of diseases. With respect to therapy of infection, although therapy may be
developed based upon the infection and illness, it is also often difficult to
establish effective, stable treatment with minimal side effects [9, 10] . There
have been many treatments tested but not selected due to limited availability,
safety data or lack of understanding of the pathogen. A therapeutic agent may
be effective for treating infection, but may fail in treatment or may
