-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| QUESTION                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What is known about transmission, incubation, and environmental stability of
COVID-19?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER #0                                                                   |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The introduction and spread of SARS in 2003-4, a novel coronavirus first
detected in 2014, was not followed by a large number of cases in China [7] ,
and outbreaks have occasionally occurred in other countries such as Singapore,
Hong Kong, and Taiwan [11]. However, they resulted in no major outbreaks [7].
In addition, the emergence of a potential trans-species epidemic in China since
then [3] may be linked to the fact there is no known or reported airborne
transmission [2]. One possible cause is the fact that airborne infections from
infected humans, animals, and other pathogens are mostly thought to be the
cause of acute respiratory infections. However, the detection of
SARS-coronavirus in animal animals is not due to such direct airborne
transmission as the animal is likely to play an important role in the
transmission [12, 13]. For example, a number of reports have suggested that
animal and human hosts may have provided the necessary environment for the
transmission of COVID-19 in people and poultry [14] [15] [16]. In fact, all
known animal hosts that have been associated with animal-to-human transmission
of COVID-19 are wild birds, including chickens, geese, mule deer, herons, and
turkey [17]. Additionally, there are reports of cross infection by animal and
human hosts including macrophages, placentas in poultry, rats, pigs, and bats
[18, 19]. In addition, several other animal models (macrophages, rats, ferrets,
and monkeys) have shown direct exposure of humans, poultry and mammals to the
virus [13, 20, 21]. One interesting animal infection model may be the case of a
zoonotic infection that may be caused by an infection of an animal with a virus
transmitted from another animal host (such as a virus transmitted in bats. This
case study described the discovery that two species of European fruit bats, R.
pumila and R. norvegicus (formerly referred to as R. pumilioensis [Tamura et
al. , 1987] , were inoculated with a vesicular fluid of a human patient with
pneumonia (Fauquier et al. , 2015). While bats are currently considered as an
emerging mammalian order under the ICTV (Table S1 ) [22, 23, 24] , the
possibility of animal-to-animal interactions as well as indirect transmissions
and trans-species transmission remains a topic for. The introduction and spread
of SARS in 2003-4, a novel coronavirus first detected in 2014, was not followed
by a large number of cases in China [7] , and outbreaks have occasionally
occurred in other countries such as Singapore, Hong Kong, and Taiwan [11] .
However, they resulted in no major outbreaks [7] . In addition, the emergence
of a potential trans-species epidemic in China since then [3] may be linked to
the fact there is no known or reported airborne transmission [2] . One possible
cause is the fact that airborne infections from infected humans, animals, and
other pathogens are mostly thought to be the cause of acute respiratory
infections. However, the detection of SARS-coronavirus in animal animals is not
due to such direct airborne transmission as the animal is likely to play an
important role in the transmission [12, 13] . For example, a number of reports
have suggested that animal and human hosts may have provided the necessary
environment for the transmission of COVID-19 in people and poultry [14] [15]
[16] . In fact, all known animal hosts that have been associated with
animal-to-human transmission of COVID-19 are wild birds, including chickens,
geese, mule deer, herons, and turkey [17] . Additionally, there are reports of
cross infection by animal and human hosts including macrophages, placentas in
poultry, rats, pigs, and bats [18, 19] . In addition, several other animal
models (macrophages, rats, ferrets, and monkeys) have shown direct exposure of
humans, poultry and mammals to the virus [13, 20, 21] . One interesting animal
infection model may be the case of a zoonotic infection that may be caused by
an infection of an animal with a virus transmitted from another animal host
(such as a virus transmitted in bats. This case study described the discovery
that two species of European fruit bats, R. pumila and R. norvegicus (formerly
referred to as R. pumilioensis [Tamura et al., 1987] , were inoculated with a
vesicular fluid of a human patient with pneumonia (Fauquier et al., 2015) .
While bats are currently considered as an emerging mammalian order under the
ICTV (Table S1 ) [22, 23, 24] , the possibility of animal-to-animal
interactions as well as indirect transmissions and trans-species transmission
remains a topic for

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER #1                                                                   |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

We have reviewed the major and minor stages that led to the spread of this
virus. We have outlined evidence that, in addition to the potential to cause a
global pandemic, infection with this novel coronavirus can lead to severe
complications. We have identified several important implications in an outbreak
to emerge at a global scale. The case of COVID-19 has demonstrated the ability
to be managed rapidly and effectively during a crisis or emergency. We have
highlighted the potential value of collaboration between national and global
scientists. This collaboration should be broad-ranging and not restricted to a
single approach, such as the use of computer models. In addition, we have
highlighted the potential for the use of open standards by different
disciplines. In summary, the COVID-19 outbreak has illustrated the diversity,
flexibility, and interdisciplinary efforts that can be employed to rapidly
bring global health preparedness to bear. The case of COVID-19 has illustrated
an important, but underappreciated, capability and the opportunity for
collaboration between global health, the global private sector, and other
global institutions. The use of open standards and standards for communication
(e. g. , World Health Organization) and scientific communication is in fact a
key tool and can be effective in bridging scientific evidence and policy
decisions. Collaborative networks such as the Global Business Council for
Health, the WHO Collaborating Center for Infectious Disease and Public Health,
as well as the World Bank, WHO Collaborating Center for Health, the World Bank,
and the United Nations Environment Agency have all shown willingness and
investment in open standards. The use of these protocols is often used as tools
for the management of an outbreak and an effective and rapid response [11] [12]
[13]. Although the use of standards from different stakeholders is an important
tool at global scale, it has not been widely exploited. There have been a
number of examples of the use of open source software for communication and
scientific communications. These have included the exchange of information in
various academic settings on public health and disease issues through the
development of peer reviewed scientific articles via open standards. A large
number of scientific articles published during the period that was affected by
the severe pneumonia outbreak were also published in open standards and used
for health guidance [14]. An example of the collaboration with open standards
is that of an open source tool developed by a public health expert to help
implement the WHO Global Action Plan for Strengthening Emergency Health Science
[15]. A tool using open standards was successfully and effectively used to
develop guidelines and information packages for the. We have reviewed the major
and minor stages that led to the spread of this virus. We have outlined
evidence that, in addition to the potential to cause a global pandemic,
infection with this novel coronavirus can lead to severe complications. We have
identified several important implications in an outbreak to emerge at a global
scale. The case of COVID-19 has demonstrated the ability to be managed rapidly
and effectively during a crisis or emergency. We have highlighted the potential
value of collaboration between national and global scientists. This
collaboration should be broad-ranging and not restricted to a single approach,
such as the use of computer models. In addition, we have highlighted the
potential for the use of open standards by different disciplines. In summary,
the COVID-19 outbreak has illustrated the diversity, flexibility, and
interdisciplinary efforts that can be employed to rapidly bring global health
preparedness to bear. The case of COVID-19 has illustrated an important, but
underappreciated, capability and the opportunity for collaboration between
global health, the global private sector, and other global institutions. The
use of open standards and standards for communication (e.g., World Health
Organization) and scientific communication is in fact a key tool and can be
effective in bridging scientific evidence and policy decisions. Collaborative
networks such as the Global Business Council for Health, the WHO Collaborating
Center for Infectious Disease and Public Health, as well as the World Bank, WHO
Collaborating Center for Health, the World Bank, and the United Nations
Environment Agency have all shown willingness and investment in open standards.
The use of these protocols is often used as tools for the management of an
outbreak and an effective and rapid response [11] [12] [13] . Although the use
of standards from different stakeholders is an important tool at global scale,
it has not been widely exploited. There have been a number of examples of the
use of open source software for communication and scientific communications.
These have included the exchange of information in various academic settings on
public health and disease issues through the development of peer reviewed
scientific articles via open standards. A large number of scientific articles
published during the period that was affected by the severe pneumonia outbreak
were also published in open standards and used for health guidance [14] . An
example of the collaboration with open standards is that of an open source tool
developed by a public health expert to help implement the WHO Global Action
Plan for Strengthening Emergency Health Science [15] . A tool using open
standards was successfully and effectively used to develop guidelines and
information packages for the

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER #2                                                                   |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How does its spread in the health care system affect treatment and prevention?
Here I analyze the relationship between the diffusion and effect of
transmission with different transmission routes, with the goal of identifying
and characterizing risk conditions that may lead to the spread of and mortality
among healthcare workers. In the context of the 2014 Ebola outbreak, infection
spread along an infected healthcare worker's blood vessel, and then
disseminated to other health care workers via peripheral blood [3]. The risk of
a patient's becoming infected through blood vessel walls that include the small
intestine [4] has been associated to multiple diseases and even death. Thus,
the ability to control the spread of infection and to control the death of
infected persons in the ED is of crucial importance for public health [3]. The
relationship between risk conditions, including infection risk, transmission to
other health workers, and patient-to-patient transmission has been analyzed in
the context of patient flow, blood vessel walls, and the ED and in the context
of the transmission mechanism and host factors. Such methods are referred to as
"functional" functional imaging [5] , "functional virology [5] , or "functional
virology [6]. For example, the association between patients' hemodynamics and
the transmission route has been studied through the use of functional magnetic
resonanceography [7]. In this model, hemodynamic conditions such as
hypotension, pulmonary vascular coupling, pleural effusions, pulmonary arterial
fibrino-suppression, and cardiac muscle dysfunction, and the ED fluid volume in
relation to these factors, are predicted [8]. In this model, ED values are
correlated with each patient's clinical diagnoses and the severity of symptoms
of the patient. Such correlation is significant, yet it has been reported that
the relationship of ED fluid volume with patient status could not be explained
by the underlying mechanisms of ED liquid handling or the extent of fluid
overload [9]. Therefore, functional virology has been utilized to test the role
of ETAs, the extent of fluid overload, ED fluid handling, and the length of
hospital stays in predicting mortality of Ebola patients [10, 11]. Such
virology, even in its simplest form, has proven to be a useful tool in the
analysis of infectious diseases. However, it has proven to be very difficult
for the diagnosis and monitoring of ED fluid quantity and quality. The aim of
this study was to present the data describing ED fluid volumes related to
patient conditions and the ED patient patient's treatment in an effort to
characterize ED fluid volume in relation to disease. How does its spread in the
health care system affect treatment and prevention? Here I analyze the
relationship between the diffusion and effect of transmission with different
transmission routes, with the goal of identifying and characterizing risk
conditions that may lead to the spread of and mortality among healthcare
workers. In the context of the 2014 Ebola outbreak, infection spread along an
infected healthcare worker's blood vessel, and then disseminated to other
health care workers via peripheral blood [3] . The risk of a patient's becoming
infected through blood vessel walls that include the small intestine [4] has
been associated to multiple diseases and even death. Thus, the ability to
control the spread of infection and to control the death of infected persons in
the ED is of crucial importance for public health [3] . The relationship
between risk conditions, including infection risk, transmission to other health
workers, and patient-to-patient transmission has been analyzed in the context
of patient flow, blood vessel walls, and the ED and in the context of the
transmission mechanism and host factors. Such methods are referred to as
"functional" functional imaging [5] , "functional virology [5] , or "functional
virology [6] . For example, the association between patients' hemodynamics and
the transmission route has been studied through the use of functional magnetic
resonanceography [7] . In this model, hemodynamic conditions such as
hypotension, pulmonary vascular coupling, pleural effusions, pulmonary arterial
fibrino-suppression, and cardiac muscle dysfunction, and the ED fluid volume in
relation to these factors, are predicted [8] . In this model, ED values are
correlated with each patient's clinical diagnoses and the severity of symptoms
of the patient. Such correlation is significant, yet it has been reported that
the relationship of ED fluid volume with patient status could not be explained
by the underlying mechanisms of ED liquid handling or the extent of fluid
overload [9] . Therefore, functional virology has been utilized to test the
role of ETAs, the extent of fluid overload, ED fluid handling, and the length
of hospital stays in predicting mortality of Ebola patients [10, 11] . Such
virology, even in its simplest form, has proven to be a useful tool in the
analysis of infectious diseases. However, it has proven to be very difficult
for the diagnosis and monitoring of ED fluid quantity and quality. The aim of
this study was to present the data describing ED fluid volumes related to
patient conditions and the ED patient patient's treatment in an effort to
characterize ED fluid volume in relation to disease

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER #3                                                                   |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1,2,3 The WHO had estimated that approximately 70 % of contacts between people
residing in countries with and without international borders had a secondary
route to imported cases (World Health Organization, 2019a). In some settings,
the WHO recommends a three-step process for establishing contact: (i) one
end-to-end route; (ii) a direct link for the duration of transmission; and
(iii) at a minimum, the process to establish an onward transmission chain. 4,5
To determine the pathogen(s) to travel from a city, to work, or to travel into
an area with known infection clusters, it is important to determine the
possible routes through which an infectious individual travels to and from
where transmission may occur. To this end, epidemiological data can be
collected retrospectively to determine contacts and connections between
individuals with known exposure. Data regarding the route from the place of
residence to where the infection is exported to the environment can help to
identify the routes that are most important in determining routes of spread. In
some settings, people may travel from their home to work or other places.
However, for this study, we utilized weekly travel logs from the CDC Travel Lab
to explore global air travel network pathways and global networks involving the
global transportation network. We calculated travel links in global air travel
networks among people moving globally, which was done to explore the
connectivity of the global travel network in a single system. We also explored
network connectivity between countries where travel between countries is not
freely available. We used WorldView, a mapping and classification software from
the University of Pennsylvania, as a general tool to create global air travel
routes. WorldView provides global travel and air transportation networks that
can assist in estimating the connectivity of all travel routes. In addition to
routes in the air, we explored the potential routes of movement of a specific
agent from their residence to places with known COVID-19 case clusters. We
created travel networks between the city and each of the identified case
clusters based on the air travel routes determined by WorldView. The air travel
networks created in the WHO Global Airspace Tool 7. 1 were used to create
routes. We also created network graphs connecting each individual country from
their home to the identified cluster(s). Finally, we explored the potential
connection through which each country transmits the infection. Infection in a
location often does not necessarily have to originate from a domestic source
(World Health Organization, 2019b; World Organization for Animal Health, 2019).
For instance, the introduction of an imported outbreak into Canada. 1,2,3 The
WHO had estimated that approximately 70 % of contacts between people residing
in countries with and without international borders had a secondary route to
imported cases (World Health Organization, 2019a). In some settings, the WHO
recommends a three-step process for establishing contact: (i) one end-to-end
route; (ii) a direct link for the duration of transmission; and (iii) at a
minimum, the process to establish an onward transmission chain. 4,5 To
determine the pathogen(s) to travel from a city, to work, or to travel into an
area with known infection clusters, it is important to determine the possible
routes through which an infectious individual travels to and from where
transmission may occur. To this end, epidemiological data can be collected
retrospectively to determine contacts and connections between individuals with
known exposure. Data regarding the route from the place of residence to where
the infection is exported to the environment can help to identify the routes
that are most important in determining routes of spread. In some settings,
people may travel from their home to work or other places. However, for this
study, we utilized weekly travel logs from the CDC Travel Lab to explore global
air travel network pathways and global networks involving the global
transportation network. We calculated travel links in global air travel
networks among people moving globally, which was done to explore the
connectivity of the global travel network in a single system. We also explored
network connectivity between countries where travel between countries is not
freely available. We used WorldView, a mapping and classification software from
the University of Pennsylvania, as a general tool to create global air travel
routes. WorldView provides global travel and air transportation networks that
can assist in estimating the connectivity of all travel routes. In addition to
routes in the air, we explored the potential routes of movement of a specific
agent from their residence to places with known COVID-19 case clusters. We
created travel networks between the city and each of the identified case
clusters based on the air travel routes determined by WorldView. The air travel
networks created in the WHO Global Airspace Tool 7.1 were used to create
routes. We also created network graphs connecting each individual country from
their home to the identified cluster(s). Finally, we explored the potential
connection through which each country transmits the infection. Infection in a
location often does not necessarily have to originate from a domestic source
(World Health Organization, 2019b; World Organization for Animal Health, 2019)
. For instance, the introduction of an imported outbreak into Canada

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER #4                                                                   |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How effectively can public health action be addressed within the international
community and the World Health Organization (WHO), which lack both expertise in
the field and resources to conduct health interventions effectively? What are
WHO's major limitations? What can be done in the future to enhance public
health action to control potential global spread? To address these questions
and to develop strategies to limit global spread, we present an assessment and
a scenario-based strategy for global health preparedness at the national scale.
Herein, we apply a strategy that uses the WHO framework as a guiding tool to
identify and measure the factors and systems that support effective global
health action. Using the WHO framework, we demonstrate that the global health
community should use its available knowledge around human, environmental, and
technological factors, including global health policy, social, and technical
norms. If sufficient knowledge exists, then actions and systems aimed at
preventing and containing global spread can be developed. A global health
framework The WHO Framework for Global Health is a global health framework for
public health action and policy, which is based on established rules and
principles of global governance (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10). The
WHO global health framework aims to reduce risk to global health through policy
and regulatory action. For example, WHO global health policy aims to prevent
all events, from birth to death, including: (i) providing global health
assistance to countries at risk; (ii) sharing resources with those in need; and
(iii) ensuring access of health facilities to care (11). Here, we use the
global health framework to identify and measure many factors that support
effective global health action in the following section. The WHO global health
framework also provides guidelines and frameworks for health system
implementation at the national scale. This section is dedicated to global
health systems at the national scale to address risk-based action strategies
against infectious diseases and mitigate regional and international impacts.
The following section will also address the interrelated questions described
above, and provide strategies that can be implemented to control global spread
of infectious diseases. A global health framework involves two parts. One is
policy, and the other is action. Policy aims to influence, as far as it is
feasible and costeffective, policy and regulatory decisions that will influence
how countries control infectious disease interventions. Action is defined as
the engagement of political, scientific, and economic influences that shape the
health system, and includes policy (a) on research; (b) research-based
policies; and (. How effectively can public health action be addressed within
the international community and the World Health Organization (WHO), which lack
both expertise in the field and resources to conduct health interventions
effectively? What are WHO's major limitations? What can be done in the future
to enhance public health action to control potential global spread? To address
these questions and to develop strategies to limit global spread, we present an
assessment and a scenario-based strategy for global health preparedness at the
national scale. Herein, we apply a strategy that uses the WHO framework as a
guiding tool to identify and measure the factors and systems that support
effective global health action. Using the WHO framework, we demonstrate that
the global health community should use its available knowledge around human,
environmental, and technological factors, including global health policy,
social, and technical norms. If sufficient knowledge exists, then actions and
systems aimed at preventing and containing global spread can be developed. A
global health framework The WHO Framework for Global Health is a global health
framework for public health action and policy, which is based on established
rules and principles of global governance (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9)
(10) . The WHO global health framework aims to reduce risk to global health
through policy and regulatory action. For example, WHO global health policy
aims to prevent all events, from birth to death, including: (i) providing
global health assistance to countries at risk; (ii) sharing resources with
those in need; and (iii) ensuring access of health facilities to care (11) .
Here, we use the global health framework to identify and measure many factors
that support effective global health action in the following section. The WHO
global health framework also provides guidelines and frameworks for health
system implementation at the national scale. This section is dedicated to
global health systems at the national scale to address risk-based action
strategies against infectious diseases and mitigate regional and international
impacts. The following section will also address the interrelated questions
described above, and provide strategies that can be implemented to control
global spread of infectious diseases. A global health framework involves two
parts. One is policy, and the other is action. Policy aims to influence, as far
as it is feasible and costeffective, policy and regulatory decisions that will
influence how countries control infectious disease interventions. Action is
defined as the engagement of political, scientific, and economic influences
that shape the health system, and includes policy (a) on research; (b)
research-based policies; and (? How effectively can public health action be
addressed within the international community and the World Health Organization
(WHO), which lack both expertise in the field and resources to conduct health
interventions effectively? What are WHO's major limitations? What can be done
in the future to enhance public health action to control potential global
spread? To address these questions and to develop strategies to limit global
spread, we present an assessment and a scenario-based strategy for global
health preparedness at the national scale. Herein, we apply a strategy that
uses the WHO framework as a guiding tool to identify and measure the factors
and systems that support effective global health action. Using the WHO
framework, we demonstrate that the global health community should use its
available knowledge around human, environmental, and technological factors,
including global health policy, social, and technical norms. If sufficient
knowledge exists, then actions and systems aimed at preventing and containing
global spread can be developed. A global health framework The WHO Framework for
Global Health is a global health framework for public health action and policy,
which is based on established rules and principles of global governance (1) (2)
(3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) (10) . The WHO global health framework aims to
reduce risk to global health through policy and regulatory action. For example,
WHO global health policy aims to prevent all events, from birth to death,
including: (i) providing global health assistance to countries at risk; (ii)
sharing resources with those in need; and (iii) ensuring access of health
facilities to care (11) . Here, we use the global health framework to identify
and measure many factors that support effective global health action in the
following section. The WHO global health framework also provides guidelines and
frameworks for health system implementation at the national scale. This section
is dedicated to global health systems at the national scale to address
risk-based action strategies against infectious diseases and mitigate regional
and international impacts. The following section will also address the
interrelated questions described above, and provide strategies that can be
implemented to control global spread of infectious diseases. A global health
framework involves two parts. One is policy, and the other is action. Policy
aims to influence, as far as it is feasible and costeffective, policy and
regulatory decisions that will influence how countries control infectious
disease interventions. Action is defined as the engagement of political,
scientific, and economic influences that shape the health system, and includes
policy (a) on research; (b) research-based policies; and (
