-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| QUESTION                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Are there geographic variations in the mortality rate of COVID-19?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 0                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The COVID-19 epidemic had been spreading widely across the globe, causing
almost 700,000 deaths each month up to September 15, 2018, when the epidemic
was declared over ( Figure 2 ), as previously described [14]. From September 18
to September 30, 2019 , the global mortality rate was observed to be 6. 8 % for
a total of 1,931,932 deaths worldwide, and the largest epidemic in history [2].
It is estimated that 1,459,282 confirmed deaths occurred between September 5
and September 15. Overall, the mortality rate is estimated to have dropped from
19,917 deaths per 100,000 inhabitants on September 5 to 5,071 deaths during the
period. In addition, the global mortality rates are estimated to have trended
upwards from 6,867 deaths per 100,000 inhabitants on September 5 to 1,241
deaths during the period [2]. In recent years with the emergence of MERS-CoV
(and SARS-CoV) [15, 16] , the COVID-19 epidemic showed significant variation in
its mortality rate. In recent outbreaks, mortality from influenza has been
shown to be relatively low, similar to that from seasonal flu among US adult
population [17, 18]. In contrast, with SARS and now COVID-19, mortality from
these pathogens are likely to increase because of the spread of the disease
[17, 19]. The mortality in COVID-19 is thought to be a result of global
warming, with the population growing and the global travel increasing [20].
With increasing urbanization and the global trade [20] , there is an increasing
likelihood of disease transmission via the air [21]. A new virus that has not
previously been detected on land in the United States (and that will circulate
throughout the country) is the hantavirus, with a case count of 16,818
(5,263-3,278) in the entire country, including an outbreak that occurred in the
San Francisco area [22]. In this study, we assessed the impact of global
climate change on the observed mortality from the respiratory disease COVID-19.
The study population included all counties in the USA excluding some rural
County-level counties, and included all counties and the counties that had been
declared as epidemic areas. This included all counties with documented
confirmed cases; the counties with reported deaths. This included counties with
reported deaths. It also included 818 counties in Puerto Rico including island
territories, and 9. The COVID-19 epidemic had been spreading widely across the
globe, causing almost 700,000 deaths each month up to September 15, 2018, when
the epidemic was declared over ( Figure 2 ), as previously described [14] .
From September 18 to September 30, 2019 , the global mortality rate was
observed to be 6.8 % for a total of 1,931,932 deaths worldwide, and the largest
epidemic in history [2] . It is estimated that 1,459,282 confirmed deaths
occurred between September 5 and September 15. Overall, the mortality rate is
estimated to have dropped from 19,917 deaths per 100,000 inhabitants on
September 5 to 5,071 deaths during the period. In addition, the global
mortality rates are estimated to have trended upwards from 6,867 deaths per
100,000 inhabitants on September 5 to 1,241 deaths during the period [2] . In
recent years with the emergence of MERS-CoV (and SARS-CoV) [15, 16] , the
COVID-19 epidemic showed significant variation in its mortality rate. In recent
outbreaks, mortality from influenza has been shown to be relatively low,
similar to that from seasonal flu among US adult population [17, 18] . In
contrast, with SARS and now COVID-19, mortality from these pathogens are likely
to increase because of the spread of the disease [17, 19] . The mortality in
COVID-19 is thought to be a result of global warming, with the population
growing and the global travel increasing [20] . With increasing urbanization
and the global trade [20] , there is an increasing likelihood of disease
transmission via the air [21] . A new virus that has not previously been
detected on land in the United States (and that will circulate throughout the
country) is the hantavirus, with a case count of 16,818 (5,263-3,278) in the
entire country, including an outbreak that occurred in the San Francisco area
[22] . In this study, we assessed the impact of global climate change on the
observed mortality from the respiratory disease COVID-19. The study population
included all counties in the USA excluding some rural County-level counties,
and included all counties and the counties that had been declared as epidemic
areas. This included all counties with documented confirmed cases; the counties
with reported deaths. This included counties with reported deaths. It also
included 818 counties in Puerto Rico including island territories, and 9

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 1                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

These questions were studied in Hong Kong during the 1918-19 pandemic
influenza. It is assumed that there were at least two possible routes to travel
between the two places: by air or by land. A land transport pathway would not
have been ideal due to its short distances (1. 5-3. 4 km) from a terminal to a
border post (e. g. Shanghai or Hong Kong), whereas a marine pathway would have
allowed faster travel times (3. 1-10 days) without the risk of contamination.
It is important to note that, even though the land transport pathway was the
one more frequently travelled, it was only used sporadically. In fact, although
the main coastal coastal route was the main one of contact for imported cases,
it was the only one that reached the mainland of North Asia [1, 35].
Thereafter, the marine route to Hong Kong was a regular occurrence. The route
taken by the main coastal route during the pandemic resulted in frequent
exchange of patients between the two cities. Thus it is expected that the main
coastal route (i. e. the oceanic transport) would be the most frequently used
with a secondary ocean connection. To determine whether the routes of travel
selected varied geographically as we expected, we used travel datasets from the
Department of National Resources of China, the National Oceanic Resources
Administration of China and other datasets from the Internet, to identify
global routes by continent ( Figure S1 ). In this dataset, we searched for any
route between these three continents and found that travel from North Asia to
Europe via one ocean transport route and a land transport route, respectively,
were most commonly reported (Additional files 1, 2, 3, 4 and S5). This was
followed by travel to Europe via a land transport route. The oceanic transport
route for Hong Kong, on the contrary, did not appear in this dataset. However,
an oceanic transport connection from Hong Kong to North Asia and a land
transport route from Hong Kong to North Asia were the most frequent of all
combinations of routes of travel reported (Additional file 2). The main coastal
route and a land transport route both led to significant exchange of cases
between the two cities. An open-source application that was freely available on
the Internet to predict oceanic travel routes was used to generate a global
network inference (NetCURVE; [36] andAdditional file 4). This method works very
well for large areas and has a large prediction sample, providing an estimate
of a region's connectivity that can be exploited by public health. These
questions were studied in Hong Kong during the 1918-19 pandemic influenza. It
is assumed that there were at least two possible routes to travel between the
two places: by air or by land. A land transport pathway would not have been
ideal due to its short distances (1.5-3.4 km) from a terminal to a border post
(e.g. Shanghai or Hong Kong), whereas a marine pathway would have allowed
faster travel times (3.1-10 days) without the risk of contamination. It is
important to note that, even though the land transport pathway was the one more
frequently travelled, it was only used sporadically. In fact, although the main
coastal coastal route was the main one of contact for imported cases, it was
the only one that reached the mainland of North Asia [1, 35] . Thereafter, the
marine route to Hong Kong was a regular occurrence. The route taken by the main
coastal route during the pandemic resulted in frequent exchange of patients
between the two cities. Thus it is expected that the main coastal route (i.e.
the oceanic transport) would be the most frequently used with a secondary ocean
connection. To determine whether the routes of travel selected varied
geographically as we expected, we used travel datasets from the Department of
National Resources of China, the National Oceanic Resources Administration of
China and other datasets from the Internet, to identify global routes by
continent ( Figure S1 ). In this dataset, we searched for any route between
these three continents and found that travel from North Asia to Europe via one
ocean transport route and a land transport route, respectively, were most
commonly reported (Additional files 1, 2, 3, 4 and S5). This was followed by
travel to Europe via a land transport route. The oceanic transport route for
Hong Kong, on the contrary, did not appear in this dataset. However, an oceanic
transport connection from Hong Kong to North Asia and a land transport route
from Hong Kong to North Asia were the most frequent of all combinations of
routes of travel reported (Additional file 2). The main coastal route and a
land transport route both led to significant exchange of cases between the two
cities. An open-source application that was freely available on the Internet to
predict oceanic travel routes was used to generate a global network inference
(NetCURVE; [36] andAdditional file 4). This method works very well for large
areas and has a large prediction sample, providing an estimate of a region's
connectivity that can be exploited by public health

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 2                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The WHO issued a recommendation on monitoring outbreaks of emerging diseases.
The World Health Organization has published in 2016 on a WHO-CoE Global
Emergency Management Tool to monitor emerging diseases and to develop
prevention, control and prevention strategies. The tool aims to establish a
global epidemic intelligence system [6, 7] , among other things. It is expected
to provide information on epidemiological parameters relevant to health
emergency preparedness and responses at the regional and national levels. The
WHO Global Emergency Management Tool is an important tool for establishing
surveillance, surveillance and risk assessment. The tool can help countries
determine whether the needs and risk for COVID-19 are similar to those in prior
epidemics or outbreaks and could lead to improvements in health policy and
management. In addition, some countries and regions have their own specific
mechanisms for sharing information with health agencies in other ways. The USA
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention regularly sends information through
its health alerts system, and the WHO occasionally releases reports on emerging
and epidemic threats through its Global Health Action Center within the World
Health Organization structure. The WHO has published in 2016 guidance on how to
communicate and manage outbreaks and events with health agencies, and in 2017
it released a Global Health Action Tool, providing guidance on planning,
monitoring and reporting [8] [9] [10]. The tool recommends countries and
regions develop their own communication systems to send timely and timely
information to health agencies, as well as to monitor and report on risks,
recommendations and alerts [8, 9, 10]. WHO also has prepared guidance to
strengthen their public health notification systems at the country and the
regional/global levels [8, 10]. These WHO documents are aimed to strengthen
public health communication and awareness. In particular, the International
Health Regulations (IHR) are a mechanism for sharing reports and information
between public health officials, scientists and other stakeholders. According
to IHR 2005, when countries are able to communicate effectively and with other
relevant stakeholders, their health systems should not just operate on a
national/regional/territorial level but also with the international community
[10]. At the national level, the WHO's Health Emergency Operations Center
provides information on emerging and national health emergencies to state and
local health and human services leaders, regulators, and donors [10]. At the
international level, WHO has established its Global Health Action Center to
enhance collaboration on prevention and health management and to address global
issues such as health security, poverty, and disease threats [10]. The WHO has
published guidance and standards on how to communicate and manage outbreaks.
The WHO issued a recommendation on monitoring outbreaks of emerging diseases.
The World Health Organization has published in 2016 on a WHO-CoE Global
Emergency Management Tool to monitor emerging diseases and to develop
prevention, control and prevention strategies. The tool aims to establish a
global epidemic intelligence system [6, 7] , among other things. It is expected
to provide information on epidemiological parameters relevant to health
emergency preparedness and responses at the regional and national levels. The
WHO Global Emergency Management Tool is an important tool for establishing
surveillance, surveillance and risk assessment. The tool can help countries
determine whether the needs and risk for COVID-19 are similar to those in prior
epidemics or outbreaks and could lead to improvements in health policy and
management. In addition, some countries and regions have their own specific
mechanisms for sharing information with health agencies in other ways. The USA
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention regularly sends information through
its health alerts system, and the WHO occasionally releases reports on emerging
and epidemic threats through its Global Health Action Center within the World
Health Organization structure. The WHO has published in 2016 guidance on how to
communicate and manage outbreaks and events with health agencies, and in 2017
it released a Global Health Action Tool, providing guidance on planning,
monitoring and reporting [8] [9] [10] . The tool recommends countries and
regions develop their own communication systems to send timely and timely
information to health agencies, as well as to monitor and report on risks,
recommendations and alerts [8, 9, 10] . WHO also has prepared guidance to
strengthen their public health notification systems at the country and the
regional/global levels [8, 10] . These WHO documents are aimed to strengthen
public health communication and awareness. In particular, the International
Health Regulations (IHR) are a mechanism for sharing reports and information
between public health officials, scientists and other stakeholders. According
to IHR 2005, when countries are able to communicate effectively and with other
relevant stakeholders, their health systems should not just operate on a
national/regional/territorial level but also with the international community
[10] . At the national level, the WHO's Health Emergency Operations Center
provides information on emerging and national health emergencies to state and
local health and human services leaders, regulators, and donors [10] . At the
international level, WHO has established its Global Health Action Center to
enhance collaboration on prevention and health management and to address global
issues such as health security, poverty, and disease threats [10] . The WHO has
published guidance and standards on how to communicate and manage outbreaks

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 3                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The overall mortality rate of COVID-19 in Korea was 7. 5% [28]. After
accounting for the potential confounders [22] , the risk of mortality from
COVID-19 in the 5-13-year (1. 6-3. 6 per 1000 persons) and 15-24-year (1. 9-2.
0 per 1000 persons) age groups was similar ( Table 4 ) suggesting spatial
variation was not due to a confounding effect from age. While the overall
mortality from COVID-19 was similar, the relative risk of mortality from other
diseases (corresponding to other diseases) was not as high as from pneumonia.
This discrepancy may be due to the time course of the disease and other
clinical manifestations (i. e. eosinophilia and haemorrhage) occurring on
different days to the observation of pneumonia of different dates and different
levels of severity in the two time courses. A study in another hospital-based
study [31] suggested that the risk of mortality from coronavirus was associated
with changes in morbidity and mortality with different ages. The mortality rate
from hepatitis B [6] was not elevated ( Table 3). The mortality rate from
pneumonia may be more influenced by the severity of the clinical presentation
of the disease in a specific population as well as the level and timing of the
disease transmission through the environment. In one study [8] of pneumonia in
healthcare settings, there was a higher mortality rate in individuals with more
severe pneumonia. In addition, in a study of respiratory infections in
hospitalized patients [5] , the mortality from pneumonia was higher in patients
from the age range of 10-14 years and the age group of 15-24 years. In a study
of pneumonia in the Netherlands [7] , the mortality was higher from the age
group of 15-24 years in relation to their previous history of smoking and the
duration of smoking. In addition, in one study of the mortality from pneumonia,
a more significant association was found by Sacher et al. , [4] , among cases
with a history of asthma. A study of deaths from influenza of children was
reported by Van de Peer, [32] , that showed an increased mortality among cases
with a history of having influenza vaccination. In contrast, other studies did
not find such an increase [33] [34] [35] , a phenomenon due to the lack of
information about the population at risk in those studies. Since a high
prevalence of antiviral treatment appears to be associated with. The overall
mortality rate of COVID-19 in Korea was 7.5% [28] . After accounting for the
potential confounders [22] , the risk of mortality from COVID-19 in the
5-13-year (1.6-3.6 per 1000 persons) and 15-24-year (1.9-2.0 per 1000 persons)
age groups was similar ( Table 4 ) suggesting spatial variation was not due to
a confounding effect from age. While the overall mortality from COVID-19 was
similar, the relative risk of mortality from other diseases (corresponding to
other diseases) was not as high as from pneumonia. This discrepancy may be due
to the time course of the disease and other clinical manifestations (i.e.
eosinophilia and haemorrhage) occurring on different days to the observation of
pneumonia of different dates and different levels of severity in the two time
courses. A study in another hospital-based study [31] suggested that the risk
of mortality from coronavirus was associated with changes in morbidity and
mortality with different ages. The mortality rate from hepatitis B [6] was not
elevated ( Table 3) . The mortality rate from pneumonia may be more influenced
by the severity of the clinical presentation of the disease in a specific
population as well as the level and timing of the disease transmission through
the environment. In one study [8] of pneumonia in healthcare settings, there
was a higher mortality rate in individuals with more severe pneumonia. In
addition, in a study of respiratory infections in hospitalized patients [5] ,
the mortality from pneumonia was higher in patients from the age range of 10-14
years and the age group of 15-24 years. In a study of pneumonia in the
Netherlands [7] , the mortality was higher from the age group of 15-24 years in
relation to their previous history of smoking and the duration of smoking. In
addition, in one study of the mortality from pneumonia, a more significant
association was found by Sacher et al., [4] , among cases with a history of
asthma. A study of deaths from influenza of children was reported by Van de
Peer, [32] , that showed an increased mortality among cases with a history of
having influenza vaccination. In contrast, other studies did not find such an
increase [33] [34] [35] , a phenomenon due to the lack of information about the
population at risk in those studies. Since a high prevalence of antiviral
treatment appears to be associated with

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 4                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The first wave of COVID-19 occurred in the Republic of the Congo (FR Congo),
the smallest country in the world. This outbreak resulted in a high fatality
ratio as the case rate was very high and spread widely (Fig 5). Subcomputed to
the first wave, the number of cases and mortality declined continuously due to
improved diagnostics. COVID-19 occurred in many countries of Central and South
America. In Argentina, the disease occurred from March to July in 2016. A case
was identified in Puerto Rico from March to October in 2016, resulting in 890
deaths. The most visited site was the United States with a total of 868
infected persons. When comparing the case rates in countries with different
geographic proximity and air travel connectivity and the number of cases, the
case rate in Central America (i. e. the United States of America, Mexico, South
America, Caribbean, Caribbean North America and European countries), and South
America generally, is higher than the case rate in Europe (i. e. the United
States, the European Union, Switzerland and Switzerland-Rhine, the United
Kingdom and Northern Europe, and the United States-Mexico), however these cases
were located in areas more traveled than the country. The case fatality ratio
has a high correlation with the distance traveled to and from the origin for
both cases and deaths. The case fatality ratio is correlated with the total
distance traveled, the total distance traveled and time and is a direct measure
of epidemic spread. A second wave of infection occurred in the United States of
America, causing high fatality from 19:34 to 28:05 (S3 Fig). When compared to
the first wave case fatality rate, distance traveled by persons infected with
COVID-19 may be a more effective measure of epidemiology and public health
response than distance traveled on each individual disease (S5 Fig). All five
routes traveled from the US-Mexico border in North America are shown. Travel
along the Mexico-Guatemala border and travel along the border of Central
America with air and land travel are shown, although both have different
characteristics. The US-Guatemala border is a narrow land border at the Mexican
border with respect to land travel time and land travel time at the Mexican
border is more than 2 days longer, than the border of Central America, or both
countries are at the Mexican border for less than 2 days. The US-Guatemala
border is not connected by air-borne transport to the Caribbean North America
or Western Europe and is the most traveled land. The first wave of COVID-19
occurred in the Republic of the Congo (FR Congo), the smallest country in the
world. This outbreak resulted in a high fatality ratio as the case rate was
very high and spread widely (Fig 5) . Subcomputed to the first wave, the number
of cases and mortality declined continuously due to improved diagnostics.
COVID-19 occurred in many countries of Central and South America. In Argentina,
the disease occurred from March to July in 2016. A case was identified in
Puerto Rico from March to October in 2016, resulting in 890 deaths. The most
visited site was the United States with a total of 868 infected persons. When
comparing the case rates in countries with different geographic proximity and
air travel connectivity and the number of cases, the case rate in Central
America (i.e. the United States of America, Mexico, South America, Caribbean,
Caribbean North America and European countries), and South America generally,
is higher than the case rate in Europe (i.e. the United States, the European
Union, Switzerland and Switzerland-Rhine, the United Kingdom and Northern
Europe, and the United States-Mexico), however these cases were located in
areas more traveled than the country. The case fatality ratio has a high
correlation with the distance traveled to and from the origin for both cases
and deaths. The case fatality ratio is correlated with the total distance
traveled, the total distance traveled and time and is a direct measure of
epidemic spread. A second wave of infection occurred in the United States of
America, causing high fatality from 19:34 to 28:05 (S3 Fig). When compared to
the first wave case fatality rate, distance traveled by persons infected with
COVID-19 may be a more effective measure of epidemiology and public health
response than distance traveled on each individual disease (S5 Fig). All five
routes traveled from the US-Mexico border in North America are shown. Travel
along the Mexico-Guatemala border and travel along the border of Central
America with air and land travel are shown, although both have different
characteristics. The US-Guatemala border is a narrow land border at the Mexican
border with respect to land travel time and land travel time at the Mexican
border is more than 2 days longer, than the border of Central America, or both
countries are at the Mexican border for less than 2 days. The US-Guatemala
border is not connected by air-borne transport to the Caribbean North America
or Western Europe and is the most traveled land
