-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| QUESTION                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What has been published about medical care of COVID-19?

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 0                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What could be added? What could not be said? Read full article 2 (May 22, 2018)
What are the goals of the U. S. Government effort to prevent and contain
COVID-19? Read full article 3 (May 22, 2018) What are the methods utilized?
Read full article 4 (May 22, 2018) Background: Is there a public health
emergency in the U. S? What would be the best way to prevent and contain?
Keywords: U. S. health security, public health emergencies, preparedness,
emergencies of international concern, international organization, global health
security, global health security and global health diplomacy. Keyword search:
What does the term global health security mean? Key words: security, emergency,
emergency response, health security, global health security, global health
security, global health security and U. S. health security. Keyword search:
What can the term global health security mean? Keyword search: What is the term
global health security? Keyword search: What is the term global health
security? Keywords: global health security, global health security, security,
emergency, emergency response. Keyword search: What is the article title of the
paper and why would someone be interested in it? Read full article 5 (May 22,
2018) Keyword search: What could the term global health security mean? Keyword
search: What could the paper mean to a reader? Read full article 6 (May 31,
2019) Keywords: global health security, global health security, global health
security, security, global health security, U. S. public health, national
emergency, global health security,global health security, Global health
security, Global Health Security, global health security, Global Health
Security and U. S. health security. Full article 7 (May 31, 2019) Keywords:
global health security, global health security, global health security, U. S.
health security, global health security, U. S. Global Health Security and U. S.
health security. Full article 8 (May 31, 2019) Keywords: global health
security, global health security, U. S. Global Health Security, global health
security, U. S. Global Health Security, U. S. Health Security, global health
security, U. S. Global Health Security and U. S. Health Security, global health
security, U. S. Health Security, U. S. Global Health Security and U. S. Health
Security, global health. What could be added? What could not be said? Read full
article 2 (May 22, 2018) What are the goals of the U.S. Government effort to
prevent and contain COVID-19? Read full article 3 (May 22, 2018) What are the
methods utilized? Read full article 4 (May 22, 2018) Background: Is there a
public health emergency in the U.S? What would be the best way to prevent and
contain? Keywords: U.S. health security, public health emergencies,
preparedness, emergencies of international concern, international organization,
global health security, global health security and global health diplomacy.
Keyword search: What does the term global health security mean? Key words:
security, emergency, emergency response, health security, global health
security, global health security, global health security and U.S. health
security. Keyword search: What can the term global health security mean?
Keyword search: What is the term global health security? Keyword search: What
is the term global health security? Keywords: global health security, global
health security, security, emergency, emergency response. Keyword search: What
is the article title of the paper and why would someone be interested in it?
Read full article 5 (May 22, 2018) Keyword search: What could the term global
health security mean? Keyword search: What could the paper mean to a reader?
Read full article 6 (May 31, 2019) Keywords: global health security, global
health security, global health security, security, global health security, U.S.
public health, national emergency, global health security,global health
security, Global health security, Global Health Security, global health
security, Global Health Security and U.S. health security. Full article 7 (May
31, 2019) Keywords: global health security, global health security, global
health security, U.S. health security, global health security, U.S. Global
Health Security and U.S. health security. Full article 8 (May 31, 2019)
Keywords: global health security, global health security, U.S. Global Health
Security, global health security, U.S. Global Health Security, U.S. Health
Security, global health security, U.S. Global Health Security and U.S. Health
Security, global health security, U.S. Health Security, U.S. Global Health
Security and U.S. Health Security, global health? What could be added? What
could not be said? Read full article 2 (May 22, 2018) What are the goals of the
U.S. Government effort to prevent and contain COVID-19? Read full article 3
(May 22, 2018) What are the methods utilized? Read full article 4 (May 22,
2018) Background: Is there a public health emergency in the U.S? What would be
the best way to prevent and contain? Keywords: U.S. health security, public
health emergencies, preparedness, emergencies of international concern,
international organization, global health security, global health security and
global health diplomacy. Keyword search: What does the term global health
security mean? Key words: security, emergency, emergency response, health
security, global health security, global health security, global health
security and U.S. health security. Keyword search: What can the term global
health security mean? Keyword search: What is the term global health security?
Keyword search: What is the term global health security? Keywords: global
health security, global health security, security, emergency, emergency
response. Keyword search: What is the article title of the paper and why would
someone be interested in it? Read full article 5 (May 22, 2018) Keyword search:
What could the term global health security mean? Keyword search: What could the
paper mean to a reader? Read full article 6 (May 31, 2019) Keywords: global
health security, global health security, global health security, security,
global health security, U.S. public health, national emergency, global health
security,global health security, Global health security, Global Health
Security, global health security, Global Health Security and U.S. health
security. Full article 7 (May 31, 2019) Keywords: global health security,
global health security, global health security, U.S. health security, global
health security, U.S. Global Health Security and U.S. health security. Full
article 8 (May 31, 2019) Keywords: global health security, global health
security, U.S. Global Health Security, global health security, U.S. Global
Health Security, U.S. Health Security, global health security, U.S. Global
Health Security and U.S. Health Security, global health security, U.S. Health
Security, U.S. Global Health Security and U.S. Health Security, global health

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 1                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

One of the many reasons in the recent outbreak of infectious diseases is the
high cost associated with the use of the health care system. Most diseases can
be treated relatively inexpensively, or in some cases, they can be treated at a
local health facility. However, in medical emergency scenarios, the patient is
often isolated or has to pay out of pocket for health care. These costs can be
extremely high especially in low income populations [1] which may well be the
main reason that the WHO announced in April that an infectious outbreak is a
public health emergency of global concern [2]. In many circumstances, the
government and hospitals will be the ones to collect and submit the collected
data from the public which in some cases may lead to delayed reporting. The
information required to be submitted can include the patient name, date of
birth, details of the patient's medical history, treatment, and information
regarding their discharge from the hospital as well as where it has been sent
to other providers, if any. In this section we review the available data which
are available to national health authorities to manage in the emergency
setting. We present the results of studies that have assessed government and
hospital information reporting for specific diseases, and also use some data
from the World Health Organization to illustrate the range of reporting in this
area. We also briefly examine the relationship between the size of government
expenditures of health care (and related services), and the risk of COVID-19.
Finally we present the results of a study which explored different routes of
information dissemination, in order to inform policy makers. According to
research conducted on emergency, the main routes for health care in low income
settings are through emergency rooms [3, 4]. Emergency rooms can be found in
all regions of the world, and the major differences are between low income
tropical and temperate countries. The hospitals in these settings usually have
a poor infrastructure and low staffing levels [5] , thus making them subject to
poor information management. As a result, they may be less likely to report the
findings of a patient visit and their discharge route has not previously been
examined. Studies have previously assessed the information management and
surveillance procedures of public and private hospitals, as well as a study on
a hospital in New York, USA, with a high incidence of hospital-acquired
infections [6]. The majority of the studies have been published in the academic
literature [1, [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] , and much of the work has focussed
on the hospital communication and reporting. One of the many reasons in the
recent outbreak of infectious diseases is the high cost associated with the use
of the health care system. Most diseases can be treated relatively
inexpensively, or in some cases, they can be treated at a local health
facility. However, in medical emergency scenarios, the patient is often
isolated or has to pay out of pocket for health care. These costs can be
extremely high especially in low income populations [1] which may well be the
main reason that the WHO announced in April that an infectious outbreak is a
public health emergency of global concern [2] . In many circumstances, the
government and hospitals will be the ones to collect and submit the collected
data from the public which in some cases may lead to delayed reporting. The
information required to be submitted can include the patient name, date of
birth, details of the patient's medical history, treatment, and information
regarding their discharge from the hospital as well as where it has been sent
to other providers, if any. In this section we review the available data which
are available to national health authorities to manage in the emergency
setting. We present the results of studies that have assessed government and
hospital information reporting for specific diseases, and also use some data
from the World Health Organization to illustrate the range of reporting in this
area. We also briefly examine the relationship between the size of government
expenditures of health care (and related services), and the risk of COVID-19.
Finally we present the results of a study which explored different routes of
information dissemination, in order to inform policy makers. According to
research conducted on emergency, the main routes for health care in low income
settings are through emergency rooms [3, 4] . Emergency rooms can be found in
all regions of the world, and the major differences are between low income
tropical and temperate countries. The hospitals in these settings usually have
a poor infrastructure and low staffing levels [5] , thus making them subject to
poor information management. As a result, they may be less likely to report the
findings of a patient visit and their discharge route has not previously been
examined. Studies have previously assessed the information management and
surveillance procedures of public and private hospitals, as well as a study on
a hospital in New York, USA, with a high incidence of hospital-acquired
infections [6] . The majority of the studies have been published in the
academic literature [1, [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] , and much of the work has
focussed on the hospital communication and reporting

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 2                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

In recent years new research is coming forward in understanding the underlying
causes of such infections. Several studies suggest various mechanisms. In
particular, the immune system is crucial in host's defense against infection,
as well as the initial step in viral replication. This review analyzes several
previous studies, and the results are summarized. There is a range of possible
routes of spread from infected patients to their hosts. Most cases of
respiratory viruses involve direct contact with body fluids [1] [2] [3].
Infection of mucosal surfaces or airway epithelium causes more frequent and
dramatic manifestations, with lower mortality rates. However, it has been
reported that some respiratory viruses may spread from the respiratory tract to
the kidneys [4, 5] , liver, spleen, and kidneys [6] [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12]
, blood vessels, and the liver [13, 14]. This occurs through contact with
infected endotoxin [15, 16]. Other routes of viral spread include bloodstream
infections [17] , intravenous drug use, and blood transfusions or organ
transfusions [18, 19]. Several routes of infection have been proposed,
including direct contact, needle-stick injuries, bloodstream and kidney
injection, transfusions, transplants, and organ transplant [20, 21]. Even
though the main modes of spread remain different from those mentioned above,
they all require significant amounts of virion-mediated and cellular components
to reach the site of infection, the site of action. The first infection in the
body is generally by small droplets released in the air or by the coughing or
sneezing of infected persons. They can remain airborne for as long as a few
hours until cleared by the lungs. Once airborne, they may remain for up to
several hours, and remain airborne for additional days [22] [23] [24]. In
addition, droplets can be exhaled without forming droplets. Several human
respiratory viral infections are caused by viruses associated with airway or
respiratory tract infections, thus a large body fluids released after
respiratory infection is a major concern for medical physicians. Respiratory
viruses such as influenza and parainfluenza virus are responsible for seasonal
and pandemic infections in humans while others such as respiratory syncytial
virus, adenovirus, and enterovirus are capable of causing serious disease in
humans [2, [25] [26] [27] [28] [29] [30] [31. In recent years new research is
coming forward in understanding the underlying causes of such infections.
Several studies suggest various mechanisms. In particular, the immune system is
crucial in host's defense against infection, as well as the initial step in
viral replication. This review analyzes several previous studies, and the
results are summarized. There is a range of possible routes of spread from
infected patients to their hosts. Most cases of respiratory viruses involve
direct contact with body fluids [1] [2] [3] . Infection of mucosal surfaces or
airway epithelium causes more frequent and dramatic manifestations, with lower
mortality rates. However, it has been reported that some respiratory viruses
may spread from the respiratory tract to the kidneys [4, 5] , liver, spleen,
and kidneys [6] [7] [8] [9] [10] [11] [12] , blood vessels, and the liver [13,
14] . This occurs through contact with infected endotoxin [15, 16] . Other
routes of viral spread include bloodstream infections [17] , intravenous drug
use, and blood transfusions or organ transfusions [18, 19] . Several routes of
infection have been proposed, including direct contact, needle-stick injuries,
bloodstream and kidney injection, transfusions, transplants, and organ
transplant [20, 21] . Even though the main modes of spread remain different
from those mentioned above, they all require significant amounts of
virion-mediated and cellular components to reach the site of infection, the
site of action. The first infection in the body is generally by small droplets
released in the air or by the coughing or sneezing of infected persons. They
can remain airborne for as long as a few hours until cleared by the lungs. Once
airborne, they may remain for up to several hours, and remain airborne for
additional days [22] [23] [24] . In addition, droplets can be exhaled without
forming droplets. Several human respiratory viral infections are caused by
viruses associated with airway or respiratory tract infections, thus a large
body fluids released after respiratory infection is a major concern for medical
physicians. Respiratory viruses such as influenza and parainfluenza virus are
responsible for seasonal and pandemic infections in humans while others such as
respiratory syncytial virus, adenovirus, and enterovirus are capable of causing
serious disease in humans [2, [25] [26] [27] [28] [29] [30] [31

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 3                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Infectious diseases are an illness with high risk, and should be managed in the
clinical staff working at health institutions and clinics in the hospitals for
infectious diseases. The WHO describes the different infection types as: severe
acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), severe infectious diseases, and less severe
acute illnesses, with different infection outcome characteristics [8]. SARS is
an infectious disease outbreak characterized by acute respiratory symptoms, and
also has a wide spread during a short time [9, 10]. The patients with SARS
infection developed a severe infection and usually received some degree of
protection on hospital walls [10]. SARS infection developed into a fatal
infection. Recently, some strains of SARS have been changed into seasonal
strains, such as strains A and B of swineorigin, which had seasonal season [11,
12]. A majority of the countries where SARS and other viral infections
originated did not have high health care system [13]. Infection with SARS among
health care staff and hospital infections have limited the health care
facilities in the area. Moreover, the health care services have limited control
over diseases and the prevention of these diseases. All these conditions may
lead to failure of hospital infection control. In this study, we investigated
the infection outcome of infectious diseases among hospital staff, and also
provide the results of the evaluation of their compliance to infection control
measures. In 2015, we conducted a nationwide survey on hospital infection
control measures from October to January 2015. Data with respect to the
information, experiences, and opinions were collected from the health and
infection control personnel in five hospitals in Beijing, China. This survey
included information about infection control measures such as the use of
disposable surface and hand sanitizer, a common infection prevention strategy.
The use of antimicrobials, including azithromycin, cefotaxime, and fluconazole,
has been demonstrated to be associated with infection control of infectious
diseases. The use of an antiviral drug, which is commonly used to treat
infections caused by certain viruses such as avian influenza, may be useful in
cases in which the patients have little or no immunity to that drug [14]. The
use of high-quality hand sanitizer can effectively reduce the rates of contact
transmission and the spread of infectious diseases by reducing the risk of
contact between person and environment. In this context, the use of hand
sanitizers in hospitals was considered in the survey and is the subject of the
discussion below. Our study was approved by the institutional review board
(protocol number. Infectious diseases are an illness with high risk, and should
be managed in the clinical staff working at health institutions and clinics in
the hospitals for infectious diseases. The WHO describes the different
infection types as: severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS), severe infectious
diseases, and less severe acute illnesses, with different infection outcome
characteristics [8] . SARS is an infectious disease outbreak characterized by
acute respiratory symptoms, and also has a wide spread during a short time [9,
10] . The patients with SARS infection developed a severe infection and usually
received some degree of protection on hospital walls [10] . SARS infection
developed into a fatal infection. Recently, some strains of SARS have been
changed into seasonal strains, such as strains A and B of swineorigin, which
had seasonal season [11, 12] . A majority of the countries where SARS and other
viral infections originated did not have high health care system [13] .
Infection with SARS among health care staff and hospital infections have
limited the health care facilities in the area. Moreover, the health care
services have limited control over diseases and the prevention of these
diseases. All these conditions may lead to failure of hospital infection
control. In this study, we investigated the infection outcome of infectious
diseases among hospital staff, and also provide the results of the evaluation
of their compliance to infection control measures. In 2015, we conducted a
nationwide survey on hospital infection control measures from October to
January 2015. Data with respect to the information, experiences, and opinions
were collected from the health and infection control personnel in five
hospitals in Beijing, China. This survey included information about infection
control measures such as the use of disposable surface and hand sanitizer, a
common infection prevention strategy. The use of antimicrobials, including
azithromycin, cefotaxime, and fluconazole, has been demonstrated to be
associated with infection control of infectious diseases. The use of an
antiviral drug, which is commonly used to treat infections caused by certain
viruses such as avian influenza, may be useful in cases in which the patients
have little or no immunity to that drug [14] . The use of high-quality hand
sanitizer can effectively reduce the rates of contact transmission and the
spread of infectious diseases by reducing the risk of contact between person
and environment. In this context, the use of hand sanitizers in hospitals was
considered in the survey and is the subject of the discussion below. Our study
was approved by the institutional review board (protocol number

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
| ANSWER 4                                                                    |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To what extent has it been improved in terms of access to health insurance
coverage? Co-op care was not mentioned in the first draft of the report.
However, after being requested by the authors, we have changed our name and
inserted a section on COVID-19 co-op care. The key findings of this report
focus on the quality of health care, quality standards, health surveillance,
and interdisciplinary cooperation towards the need for rapid and effective
disease detection and management of suspected and confirmed cases in hospital
settings. In doing so, it may help to explain in our country how a rapidly
developed regional strategy for responding to an outbreak (within a week) led
to a rapid international collaboration, and ultimately to the collaboration
being a key factor in the rapid and widespread global response that resulted in
substantial global health resources. It is likely that the greatest gains have
come from international coordination, with our country being able to use the
expertise of international experts and agencies to access to care for
individuals within their countries. From an international perspective as well,
it is our global responsibility to ensure that resources are appropriately
managed in the context of the Global Fund (GF) Global Action on Sharing
Resources and Services (MAST). As with any disease outbreak, we also need the
support of partners at the local level in order to ensure that the global
burden of disease is minimally and appropriately shared. Supporting countries
to meet their international obligations is a global mandate. If global efforts
in responding to an outbreak are to be effective, then we and our partners need
to work in close cooperation, sharing resources, and sharing knowledge,
information, and technologies to support each other. The International Health
Regulations (2005) (2006) (2007) (2008) (2009) (2010) (2011) (2012) , currently
in place, require sign-takings between international health authorities,
including those located near the relevant countries, before a country can set
up, receive or receive public health assistance. This agreement of
international coordination in international public health action was not
formalised, inasmuch as it was only set up after the events of September 11,
2001. By taking advantage of multisectoral cooperation at the national level,
both countries are able to meet their international commitments to global
health, including in the global context. In the event of an emergency, it is
often necessary to rely on existing services and resources. These can include
hospitals, emergency medical services, and/or traditional health services. The
need to rely on existing services and resources to facilitate appropriate care
at. To what extent has it been improved in terms of access to health insurance
coverage? Co-op care was not mentioned in the first draft of the report.
However, after being requested by the authors, we have changed our name and
inserted a section on COVID-19 co-op care. The key findings of this report
focus on the quality of health care, quality standards, health surveillance,
and interdisciplinary cooperation towards the need for rapid and effective
disease detection and management of suspected and confirmed cases in hospital
settings. In doing so, it may help to explain in our country how a rapidly
developed regional strategy for responding to an outbreak (within a week) led
to a rapid international collaboration, and ultimately to the collaboration
being a key factor in the rapid and widespread global response that resulted in
substantial global health resources. It is likely that the greatest gains have
come from international coordination, with our country being able to use the
expertise of international experts and agencies to access to care for
individuals within their countries. From an international perspective as well,
it is our global responsibility to ensure that resources are appropriately
managed in the context of the Global Fund (GF) Global Action on Sharing
Resources and Services (MAST). As with any disease outbreak, we also need the
support of partners at the local level in order to ensure that the global
burden of disease is minimally and appropriately shared. Supporting countries
to meet their international obligations is a global mandate. If global efforts
in responding to an outbreak are to be effective, then we and our partners need
to work in close cooperation, sharing resources, and sharing knowledge,
information, and technologies to support each other. The International Health
Regulations (2005) (2006) (2007) (2008) (2009) (2010) (2011) (2012) , currently
in place, require sign-takings between international health authorities,
including those located near the relevant countries, before a country can set
up, receive or receive public health assistance. This agreement of
international coordination in international public health action was not
formalised, inasmuch as it was only set up after the events of September 11,
2001. By taking advantage of multisectoral cooperation at the national level,
both countries are able to meet their international commitments to global
health, including in the global context. In the event of an emergency, it is
often necessary to rely on existing services and resources. These can include
hospitals, emergency medical services, and/or traditional health services. The
need to rely on existing services and resources to facilitate appropriate care
at
